 When he joined the group, they were listening to her.
 We don't have to argue; we can take it that colonialism is indefensible, for us, no?
 You think so, I think so... right.
 Timothy Odara's eyes were closed; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly, alert.
 I'm sorry, forty-eight years you were under British rule, digging their mines, building roads for them, making towns, living in shanties and waiting on them, cleaning up after them, treated like dirt... now it's all over, you really think there was any way at all you could enter the modern world without suffering?
 You think there was someone else would have given you the alphabet! and electricity and killed off the malaria mosquito, just for love?
 The Finns? The Russians? Anybody?
 Anyone who wouldn't have wanted the last drop of your sweat and pride in return?
 These are the facts.
 From your point of view, as it luckily lasted less than two generations. Wasn't it worth it?
 Would anybody have let you in for nothing?
 Anybody at all?
 That's what I'm asking...
 Wouldn't you have to pay the price in suffering?
 Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the African people as a blank... and then the colonialists come along and we come to life – in your compounds and back yards.
 She was shaking her head slowly while Odara was speaking.
 Why haven't you been answering my letters?
 Bit rich coming from you, said Harry, staring at the floating car.
 Stop gibbering, said Ron, we've come to take you home with us.
 If the Dursleys wake up, I'm dead, said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car.
 Harry moved back into the shadows next to Hedwig, who seemed to have realised how important this was and kept still and silent.
 The car revved louder and louder and suddenly, with a crunching noise, the bars were pulled clean out of the window as Fred drove straight up in the air – Harry ran back to the window to see the bars dangling a few feet above the ground.
 Panting, Ron hoisted them up into the car.
 Harry listened anxiously, but there was no sound from the Dursleys bedroom.
 When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron, Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry's window.
 Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I can't get out of this room –
 Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry's room.
 You had to hand it to them, thought Harry, as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock.
 There was a small click and the door swung open.
 Watch out for the bottom stair, it creaks, Harry whispered back, as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing.
 Harry dashed around his room, collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron.
 Then he went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the stairs.
 Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough.
 At last, panting, they reached the landing, then carried the trunk through Harry's room to the open window.
 Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron, and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side.
 Inch by inch, the trunk slid through the window.
 Uncle Vernon coughed again.
 Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat of the car.
 But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him, followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon's voice.
 Harry tore back across the room as the landing light clicked on.
 He snatched up Hedwig's cage, dashed to the window and passed it out to Ron.
 He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door – and it crashed open.
 For a split second, Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry, grabbing him by the ankle.
 Ron, Fred and George seized Harry's arms and pulled as hard as they could.
 Petunia! roared Uncle Vernon.
 But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry's leg slid out of Uncle Vernon's grasp.
 Harry couldn't believe it – he was free.
 He wound down the window, the night air whipping his hair, and looked back at the shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive.
 Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were all hanging, dumbstruck, out of Harry's window.
 The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat, grinning from ear to ear.
 Let Hedwig out, he told Ron. she can fly behind us.
 George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later, Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost.
 Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning he'd given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding.
 There was a long shocked silence when he had finished.
 "Definitely dodgy" agreed George.
 He saw Fred and George look at each other.
 Well, said Fred, put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own, but they can't usually use it without their master's permission.
 I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to Hogwarts.
 Someone's idea of a joke.
 Draco Malfoy? said George, turning around.
 He was a big supporter of You Know Who.
 Harry had heard these rumours about Malfoy's family before, and they didn't surprise him at all.
 Draco Malfoy made Dudley Dursley look like a kind, thoughtful and sensitive boy.
 Yeah, Mum's always wishing we had a house-elf to do the ironing, said George.
 Harry was silent.
 Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything, his family were rolling in wizard gold; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house.
 Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do.
 Had Harry been stupid to take Dobby seriously?
 I thought it was Errol's fault at first –
 He's ancient.
 It wouldn't be the first time he'd collapsed on a delivery.
 The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect, said Fred from the front.
 I mean, there's only so many times you can polish a prefect badge.
 You're driving too far west, Fred, he added, pointing at a compass on the dashboard.
 Fred twiddled the steering wheel.
 He works in the most boring department, said Ron.
 Like, last year, some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an antiques shop.
 This Muggle woman bought it, took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it.
 What happened?
 Fred laughed.
 He takes it apart, puts spells on it and puts it back together again.
 If he raided our house he'd have to put himself straight under arrest.
 It drives Mum mad.
 A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east.
 Fred brought the car lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees.
 Lower and lower went the flying car.
 The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees.
 Touchdown! said Fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the ground.
 They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard and Harry looked out for the first time at Ron's house.
 It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigsty, but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several storeys high and so crooked it looked as though it was held up by magic (which, Harry reminded himself, it probably was).
 Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof.
 Round the front door lay a jumble of wellington boots and a very rusty cauldron.
 Several fat brown chickens were pecking their way around the yard.
 They got out of the car.
 Then, Ron, you come bounding downstairs going, Mum, look who turned up in the night! and she'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car.
 Ron had gone a nasty greenish colour, his eyes fixed on the house.
 The other three wheeled around.
 Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard, scattering chickens, and for a short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger.
 Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them, her hands on her hips, staring from one guilty face to the next.
 She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket.
 So, she said.
 All three of Mrs Weasley's sons were taller than she was, but they cowered as her rage broke over them.
 No note!
 Car gone could have crashed out of my mind with worry did you care? never, as long as I've lived you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy
 It seemed to go on for hours.
 Mrs Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry, who backed away.
 Come in and have some breakfast.
 She turned and walked back into the house and Harry, after a nervous glance at Ron, who nodded encouragingly, followed her.
 The kitchen was small and rather cramped.
 There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat, looking around.
 He had never been in a wizard house before.
 The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all.
 Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts – It's Magic!
 Mrs Weasley was clattering around, cooking breakfast a little haphazardly, throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan.
 Arthur and I have been worried about you, too.
 Just last night we were saying we'd come and get you ourselves if you hadn't written back to Ron by Friday.
 She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink, which began to clean itself, clinking gently in the background.
 and you! said Mrs Weasley, but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him.
 At that moment, there was a diversion in the form of a small, red-headed figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen, gave a small squeal, and ran out again.
 Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean, which took a surprisingly short time.
 Blimey, I'm tired, yawned Fred, setting down his knife and fork at last.
 Oh, Mum –
 That's very sweet of you, dear, but it's dull work, said Mrs Weasley.
 And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece.
 George groaned.
 Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley's book.
 Written across it in fancy gold letters were the words: Gilderoy Lockhart's Guide to Household Pests.
 He'll be fine, Molly, don't fuss, said Mr Weasley, helping himself to Floo powder, too.
 Now, when you get into the fire, say where you're going –
 Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace –
 Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder and walked to the edge of the fire.
 He took a deep breath, scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward; the fire felt like a warm breeze; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash.
 It felt as though he was being sucked down a giant plug hole.
 He seemed to be spinning very fast
 the roaring in his ears was deafening
 he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick
 something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in tightly, still spinning and spinning
 now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face
 squinting through his glasses he saw a blurred stream of fireplaces and snatched glimpses of the rooms beyond
 his bacon sandwiches were churning inside him.
 He closed his eyes again wishing it would stop, and then – he fell, face forward, onto cold stone and felt his glasses shatter.
 Dizzy and bruised, covered in soot, he got gingerly to his feet, holding his broken glasses up to his eyes.
 He was quite alone, but where he was, he had no idea.
 All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizard's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list.
 A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion, a blood-stained pack of cards, and a staring glass eye.
 Evil-looking masks stared down from the walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter, and rusty, spiked instruments hung from the ceiling.
 Even worse, the dark, narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley.
 The sooner he got out of here, the better.
 Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his left; he shot inside it and pulled the doors to leaving a small crack to peer through.
 Seconds later, a bell clanged, and Malfoy stepped into the shop.
 The man who followed could only be his father.
 He had the same pale, pointed face and identical cold grey eyes.
 I said I would buy you a racing broom, said his father, drumming his fingers on the counter.
 Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor.
 Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls.
 A stooping man had appeared behind the counter, smoothing his greasy hair back from his face.
 Mr Malfoy, what a pleasure to see you again, said Mr Borgin in a voice as oily as his hair.
 How may I be of assistance?
 The smile faded slightly from Mr Borgin's face.
 You have heard, of course, that the Ministry is conducting more raids, said Mr Malfoy, taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read.
 Mr Borgin fixed a pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list.
 Mr Malfoy's lip curled.
 The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect, yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome.
 Harry felt a hot surge of anger.
 – and as you see, certain of these poisons might make it appear –
 Insert a candle and it gives light only to the holder!
 Best friend of thieves and plunderers!
 The teachers all have favourites, that Hermione Granger –
 Not with me, said Mr Malfoy, his long nostrils flaring.
 They started to haggle.
 Harry watched nervously as Draco drew nearer and nearer to his hiding place, examining the objects for sale.
 He paused to examine a long coil of hangman's rope and to read, smirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals:
 Caution: Do Not Touch.
 Cursed – Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date.
 Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of him.
 He walked forward he stretched out his hand for the handle
 Come, Draco!
 Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turned away.
 The moment the door had closed, Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner.
 Muttering darkly, Mr Borgin disappeared into a back room.
 Harry waited for a minute in case he came back, then, quietly as he could, slipped out of the cabinet, past the glass cases, and out of the shop door.
 Clutching his broken glasses to his face he stared around.
 He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts.
 The one he'd just left, Borgin and Burkes, looked like the largest, but opposite was a nasty window display of shrunken heads, and two doors down, a large cage was alive with gigantic black spiders.
 Two shabby-looking wizards were watching him from the shadow of a doorway, muttering to each other.
 Feeling jumpy, Harry set off, trying to hold his glasses on straight and hoping against hope he'd be able to find a way out of there.
 An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley.
 This didn't help, as Harry had never heard of such a place.
 He supposed he hadn't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire.
 Trying to stay calm, he wondered what to do.
 An aged witch stood in front of him, holding a tray of what looked horribly like whole human fingernails.
 She leered at him, showing mossy teeth.
 Harry backed away.
 I'm just –
 Harry's heart leapt.
 Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch, knocking the tray right out of her hands.
 Her shrieks followed them all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright sunlight.
 Harry saw a familiar, snow-white marble building in the distance: Gringotts Bank.
 Hagrid had steered him right into Diagon Alley.
 Yer a mess! said Hagrid gruffly, brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary's.
 They're ruinin' the school cabbages.
 They set off together down the street.
 Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys.
 Ruddy Muggles, growled Hagrid.
 Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts.
 She ran down to meet them, her bushy brown hair flying behind her.
 Hello, Hagrid
 Oh, it's wonderful to see you two again
 Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry?
 Harry and Hermione looked around: sprinting up the crowded street were Ron, Fred, George, Percy and Mr Weasley.
 He mopped his glistening bald patch.
 Molly's frantic – she's coming now.
 I should ruddy well think not, growled Hagrid.
 Mrs Weasley now came galloping into view, her handbag swinging wildly in one hand, Ginny just clinging onto the other.
 Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid hadn't managed to beat away.
 Mr Weasley took Harry's glasses, gave them a tap of his wand and returned them, good as new.
 And he strode away, head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street.
 It was a standard eight-and-a-half-by-eleven notebook with one hundred pages.
 But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen.
 Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings, Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm, walked over to the cash register, and bought it.
 He made it to Grand Central well in advance.
 Stillman's train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one, but Quinn wanted time to study the geography of the place, to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip away from him.
 As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall, he saw by the clock that it was just past four.
 Already the station had begun to fill with the rush-hour crowd.
 Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies, Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates, looking for hidden staircases, unmarked exits, dark alcoves.
 He concluded that a man determined to disappear could do so without much trouble.
 He would have to hope that Stillman had not been warned that he would be there.
 If that were the case, and Stillman managed to elude him, it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible.
 There was no one else.
 It solaced him to know that he had an alternate plan if things went awry.
 If Stillman did not show up, Quinn would go straight to 69th Street and confront Virginia Stillman with what he knew.
 As he wandered through the station, he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be.
 The effect of being Paul Auster, he had begun to learn, was not altogether unpleasant.
 Although he still had the same body, the same mind, the same thoughts, he felt as though he had somehow been taken out of himself, as if he no longer had to walk around with the burden of his own consciousness.
 By a simple trick of the intelligence, a deft little twist of naming, he felt incomparably lighter and freer.
 At the same time, he knew it was all an illusion.
 But there was a certain comfort in that.
 He had not really lost himself; he was merely pretending, and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished.
 The fact that there was now a purpose to his being Paul Auster – a purpose that was becoming more and more important to him – served as a kind of moral justification for the charade and absolved him of having to defend his lie.
 For imagining himself as Auster had become synonymous in his mind with doing good in the world.
 He wandered through the station, then, as if inside the body of Paul Auster, waiting for Stillman to appear.
 He looked up at the vaulted ceiling of the great hall and studied the fresco of constellations.
 There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings of the celestial figures.
 Quinn had never been able to grasp the connection between the constellations and their names.
 As a boy he had spent many hours under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the shapes of bears, bulls, archers, and water carriers.
 But nothing had ever come of it, and he had felt stupid, as though there were a blind spot in the center of his brain.
 In spite of everything, it was impossible for Quinn not to feel glad of this.
 They sat there for a short time without saying anything.
 At last, Auster gave a little shrug, which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse.
 He stood up and said, I was about to make some lunch for myself.
 It's no trouble making it for two.
 Quinn hesitated.
 It was as though Auster had read his thoughts, divining the thing he wanted most – to eat, to have an excuse to stay a while.
 I really should be going, he said.
 But yes, thank you. A little food can't do any harm.
 How does a ham omelette sound?
 Sounds good.
 Auster retreated to the kitchen to prepare the food.
 Quinn would have liked to offer to help, but he could not budge.
 His body felt like a stone.
 For want of any other idea, he closed his eyes.
 In the past, it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear.
 This time, however, Quinn found nothing interesting inside his head.
 It seemed as though things had ground to a halt in there.
 Then, from the darkness, he began to hear a voice, a chanting, idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again: You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
 He opened his eyes to make the words stop.
 There was bread and butter, more beer, knives and forks, salt and pepper, napkins, and omelettes, two of them, oozing on white plates.
 Quinn ate with crude intensity, polishing off the meal in what seemed a matter of seconds.
 After that, he made a great effort to be calm.
 Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes, and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke, but somehow he managed to hold his own.
 To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate, he began to question Auster about his writing.
 Auster was somewhat reticent about it, but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays. The current piece was about Don Quixote.
 One of my favourite books, said Quinn.
 Yes, mine too.
 There's nothing like it.
 Quinn asked him about the essay.
 I suppose you can call it speculative, since I'm not really out to prove anything.
 In fact, it's all done tounge-in-cheek.
 An imaginative reading, I guess you could say.
 What's the gist?
 It mostly has to do with the authorship of the book. Who wrote it, and how it was written.
 Is there any question?
 Of course not. But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote, the one he imagined he was writing.
 Ah.
 It's quite simple.
 Cervantes, if you remember, goes to great lengths to convince the reader that he is not the author.
 The book, he says, was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali.
 Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo.
 He hires someone to translate it for him into Spanish,
 and thereafter he presents himself as no more than the editor of the translation.
 In fact, he can not even vouch for the accuracy of the translation itself.
 And yet he goes on to say, Quinn added, that Cid Hamete Benengali's is the only true version of Don Quixote's story.
 All the other versions are frauds, written by impostors.
 He makes a great point of insisting that everything in the book really happened in the world.
 Exactly.
 Because the book after all is an attack on the dangers of the make-believe.
 He couldn't very well offer a work of the imagination to do that, could he?
 He had to claim that it was real.
 Still, I've always suspected that Cervantes devoured those old romances.
 You can't hate something so violently unless a part of you also loves it.
 In some sense, Don Quixote was just a stand-in for himself.
 I agree with you.
 What better portrait of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books?
 Precisely.
 In any case, since the book is supposed to be real, it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it.
 But Cid Hamete, the acknowledged author, never makes an appearance.
 Not once does he claim to be present at what happens.
 So, my question is this: who is Cid Hamete Benengali?
 Yes, I see what you're getting at.
 The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people.
 Sancho Panza is of course the witness.
 There's no other candidate – since he is the only one who accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures.
 But Sancho can neither read nor write.
 Therefore, he can not be the author.
 On the other hand, we know that Sancho has a great gift for language.
 In spite of his inane malapropisms, he can talk circles around everyone else in the book.
 It seems perfectly possible to me that he dictated the story to someone else – namely, to the barber and the priest, Don Quixote's good friends.
 They put the story into proper literary form – in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco, the bachelor from Salamanca, who proceeded to translate it into Arabic.
 Cervantes found the translation, had it rendered back into Spanish, and then published the book The Adventures of Don Quixote.
 But why would Sancho and the others go to all that trouble?
 To cure Don Quixote of his madness.
 They want to save their friend.
 Remember, at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry, but that has no effect.
 The Knight of the Sad Countenance does not give up his obsessions.
 Then, at one time or another, they all go out looking for him in various disguises – as a woman in distress, as the Knight of the Mirrors, as the Knight of the White Moon – in order to lure Don Quixote back home.
 Do you know what a physicist is?
 Do you recognize the name of Einstein?"
 "Never.
 Who is he?"
 This is too much for me.
 Silent, I give his case some thought.
 Busy-minded people, with their head-culture that touches all surfaces, have heard of Einstein.
 But do they know what they have heard?
 A majority do not.
 These Hasidim choose not to know.
 By and by I open a paperback and try to lose myself in mere politics.
 A dozen Hasidim in the lavatory queue stare down at us.
 We land and spill out and go our separate ways.
 At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other.
 In me he sees what deformities the modern age can produce in the seed of Abraham.
 In him I see a piece of history, an antiquity.
 It is rather as if Puritans in seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be found still living in Boston or Plymouth.
 Israel, which receives us impartially, is accustomed to strange arrivals.
 But then Israel is something else again.
 We are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim, the dwellings of serenity.
 Mayor Teddy Kollek, irrepressible organizer of wonderful events (some of them too rich for my blood), takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City.
 On the rooftop patio of the opulent apartment are tubs of fragrant flowers.
 The moon is nearly full.
 Below is the church, portions of which go back to the fourth century.
 The Archbishop is, to use an old word, a portly man.
 His cassock, dark red, swells with the body.
 On his breast two ball-point pens are clipped between the buttons.
 He has a full youthful clever face; a black beard, small and tidy.
 The eyes are green.
 Present are Isaac Stern; Alexander Schneider, formerly of the Budapest String Quartet; Kollek's son, Amos; two Israeli couples whom I can not identify; and the foreign-news editor of Le Monde, Michel Tatu.
 In the Archbishop's drawing room are golden icons.
 In illuminated cases are ancient objects.
 I can seldom get up much interest in such cases and objects.
 Middle-aged Armenians serve drinks and wait on us.
 They wear extremely loud shirts, blue-green sprigged with red berries, but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table.
 The conversation is quick and superknowledgeable.
 In French, in English, in Hebrew, and occasionally in Russian.
 (Tatu, who lived for years in Moscow, chats in Russian with Stern and Schneider.)
 The Archbishop, who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb, tells the company his recipes.
 He and Kollek discuss seasonings.
 Schneider recalls a great Armenian musician and teacher (his own teacher) named Dirian Alexanian, editor of Bach's Suites for Cello Unaccompanied and the most intolerant perfectionist
 "Just as particular about music as other people are about seasonings.
 Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites, You made three bad mistakes.
 Terrible.
 Casals did not answer.
 He knew Alexanian was right."
 Pale, with black hair in abundance, Tatu is one of those short men who have learned to hold their ground against big ones.
 He sits with the ease that disguises this sort of tension.
 His paper is not friendly to Israel.
 Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France.
 I want to ask him why it wasn't printed.
 But I succeed in suppressing this a triumph over myself.
 Besides, Tatu does not have the look of a man whose life is easy and I don't see why I should spoil his Jerusalem dinner for him in his diary it would probably be entered as "An enchanted evening in Le Proche Orient with an Armenian archbishop."
 I decide to let him enjoy his dinner.
 Seeking common ground with my wife (a laudable desire), he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin.
 He can safely say this, for his family came to France in the seventeenth century.
 What is all important is to be French, or to have been French for a good long time.
 And French he definitely is.
 But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course.
 People of real culture do not smoke at dinner tables.
 You never know whom you have asked to your palace.
 Dostoevski, no mean judge of such matters, thought there was much to be said for the murderer's point of view.
 Navrozov extends the position.
 Liberal democracy is as brief as a bubble.
 Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it.
 We forget, he seems to think, that as a species we are generally close to the "state of nature," as Thomas Hobbes described it a nasty, brutish, pitiless condition in which men are too fearful of death to give much thought to freedom.
 If Hobbes is too nifty an authority, let us think of the social views of Jimmy Hoffa.
 Or of the Godfather.
 Or of Lenin, as Navrozov accurately characterizes him.
 And this is what America, bubbling with political illusions, is up against.
 So, at least, Navrozov thinks.
 Perhaps Alexander Solzhenitsyn agrees with him in part.
 Apparently Russians are all inclined to see us in this way.
 My own cousin, Nota Gordon, two years out of the Soviet Union, says to me, "You are no match for them.
 You do not understand with whom you are dealing. "
 Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945.
 He was three times seriously wounded.
 He has the family look the brown eyes, arched brows, dark coloring, and white hair.
 He has, besides, the gold crowns of Russian dental art.
 Criminals released from prison during the war served in his company.
 Nota has no swagger but he is war-hardened.
 There was no food sent to the front lines.
 You ate frozen potatoes, you foraged, and you stole.
 You could depend on your criminal soldiers to bring in provisions.
 "I myself had absolute authority to kill anyone in my command.
 At my discretion.
 No explanations necessary," says Nota.
 We are first cousins but he is Russian, I am an American, and in his Russian eyes an American is amiable, good-natured, attractive perhaps, but undeveloped, helpless: all that Dostoevski was to his fellow convict the murderer.
 Nevertheless, I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless, Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs, are not impressed by Russian achievements.
 "Most striking is the disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late 1950s, "they wrote in 1972.
 "In the foreign policy field the Soviets have had an almost uninterrupted series of defeats and disappointments.
 They have failed to extend their influence in Europe.
 Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little.
 Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes? Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps.
 Oh, I'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something
 What's that you've got there?
 Oh, you're changing Muggle money.
 Molly, look!
 He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger's hand.
 The vaults were reached by means of small, goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank's underground tunnels.
 Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault, but felt dreadful, far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley, when it was opened.
 There was a very small pile of silver Sickles inside, and just one gold Galleon.
 Mrs Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into her bag.
 Harry felt even worse when they reached his vault.
 He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag.
 Back outside on the marble steps, they all separated.
 Percy muttered vaguely about needing a new quill.
 Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts, Lee Jordan.
 Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop. Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink.
 Harry, Ron and Hermione strolled off along the winding, cobbled street.
 The bag of gold, silver and bronze jangling cheerfully in Harry's pocket was clamouring to be spent, so he bought three large strawberry and peanut-butter ice-creams which they slurped happily as they wandered up the alley, examining the fascinating shop windows.
 A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers, Ron read aloud off the back cover.
 An hour later, they headed for Flourish and Blotts.
 They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop.
 As they approached it, they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors, trying to get in.
 The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows:
 GILDEROY LOCKHART will be signing copies of his autobiography MAGICAL ME today 12:30 to 4:30 pm.
 I mean, he's written almost the whole booklist!
 Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed inside.
 A long line wound right to the back of the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books.
 They each grabbed a copy of Break with a Banshee, and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger.
 She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair.
 Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face, all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd.
 The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes; his pointed wizard's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair.
 A short, irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash.
 If you plot multiple charts, you will see a drop area for multi-chart fields.
 This type of drop area is not displayed for single charts.
 Drop areas
 Moving fields to the category and series areas
 When you move a field to the series area, the unique items of data within the field are displayed as data series in the chart.
 These series are represented by colored data markers, and their names appear in the chart legend.
 When you move a field to the category area, the unique items of data are displayed as categories, or related groups of data.
 Each category consists of one point from each data series.
 Category labels usually appear across the x axis of the chart, although this can vary depending on the type of chart you are using.
 Moving fields to the data area
 Data fields provide the values to be summarized in the chart.
 When you move a field to the data area, the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart.
 A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel PivotTable report.
 For example, when you move a Product field to the filter area, you can have the chart display category and series values for one product at a time.
 Moving fields to the MultiChart area
 For example, if you move the Salesperson field to the MultiChart area, a chart is created based on data for each salesperson in that field.
 In the following example, the Salesperson field is in the MultiChart area, but it's filtered so it displays individual charts for Buchanan and Davolio.
 Filtered Salesperson field in MultiChart area
 Moving the category or series fields to inner or outer levels
 When a chart contains multiple series or category fields, the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields.
 In the following example, Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field.
 The inner field items are displayed as salespeople's names, and the outer field items are displayed as the years 1997 and 1998.
 Multiple fields in a chart
 1 Inner field items
 2 Outer field items
 You can expand and collapse multiple fields to show more or less information in a particular field.
 For example, you can collapse the outer field (Year) in the example so that the inner field items are no longer displayed.
 Chart with collapsed field
 The layout of a chart does not have to include all fields that are available from the source data.
 If more data is available, you can add fields to the chart.
 For example, if the chart summarizes sales revenue, and the source data also includes sales quantities, you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold.
 You can also remove fields from the chart layout that you no longer want to see.
 Impact of changing layout on filtering
 Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field.
 This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back, previously hidden items are again hidden.
 If you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout, the same items are again hidden.
 Restricting use of a chart
 When you design a chart for other users, you can restrict the user's ability to change the layout of the chart by preventing fields from being added and moved.
 About the data outline
 The data outline displays a tree view of the data model of a data access page.
 It lists the record sources, fields, and calculated controls of a page.
 Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page, you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page.
 You can also select the objects displayed in the data outline, set their properties, define and edit relationships between record sources, and delete fields and record sources.
 The following illustration shows the Orders page with two group levels.
 The inner group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control named Value.
 In the outer group level, the header section contains fields from the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control named OrderValue.
 Data access page with two group levels
 The following illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page.
 Data outline for Orders page
 1 The RecordsetDef object, which contains one or more record sources
 2 The underlying record sources
 3 Primary key fields
 4 Data fields
 5 Aggregate field
 6 Calculated field
 About enabling the System Administrator (SA) user name in an Access project
 Note
 The hyperlink in this topic goes to the Web.
 You can switch back to Help at any time.
 When the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine (formerly called the Microsoft Database Engine or MSDE) is installed on Microsoft Windows NT computers, it is installed with Windows NT Authentication implemented (this feature is also known as integrated security).
 Text fields
 You can group based on the first n characters of the individual items.
 For example, you can group the LastName field by first letter to create groups, such as A, B, and so on.
 You can specify the start and end values for the grouping range.
 For example, if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals, the following groups will be created:
 01-Jul-1999, 01-Jul-1999, 08-Jul-1999,.
 Dates prior to 01-Jul-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 01-Jul-1999.
 If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999, the following groups will be created:
 31-Dec-1999
 31-Dec-1999, 31-Dec-1999
 Dates that fall after 31-Dec-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 31-Dec-1999.
 Custom grouping in PivotTable view
 You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups.
 For example, you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group.
 This would add a new row field named Promotions 2 above the Promotions row field with two members: Group1 and Other.
 You can change the caption of Group 1 to Fixed and Promotions 2 to Category in the Properties dialog box.
 The Other group will contain all items that you did not include in the Fixed custom group.
 You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular.
 After you do this, the Category field will have three members: Fixed, Popular, and Other.
 The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed.
 PivotTable view with custom groups
 A custom group field.
 Contains custom groups as its items and appears as the parent of the field whose items you grouped.
 Custom groups.
 Appear as the parents of items you explicitly selected to create the groups.
 3 The Other group is the parent of the items you did not assign to any specific custom group.
 Creating and deleting custom groups and custom group fields
 You can not group items that belong to different fields or items that belong to parent items into a custom group.
 When you create the first custom group for a field, a custom group field is automatically added as the field's parent.
 Similarly, when you delete the last custom group for a field, the custom group field is automatically deleted.
 When you delete a custom group that is not the last custom group in the field, the deleted group's members automatically move to the Other group.
 The groups you create do not affect source data.
 Moving a field whose parent is a custom group field
 When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas, the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field.
 If you move the field to the filter area, the custom group fields are hidden.
 However, the bound field will show the custom group hierarchy in the drop-down list, so you can filter data by selecting custom groups or individual values.
 When you move the field back to a row or column area, the custom group fields will appear again.
 You can not move a field with custom groups to the detail area.
 Adding and removing nested custom groups
 You can select two or more custom groups to create a higher-level grouping.
 For example, you can group the members of the Category field into two groups: high priority promotions and low priority promotions.
 The following illustration shows how the row area will look with nested custom groups.
 PivotTable view with nested custom groups
 1 A custom group field that appears as the parent of the Category custom group field.
 You can also remove a lower-level custom group.
 The following illustration shows what the data will look like after the Category field has been removed.
 Use a grid of grouped lines as a table for displaying data
 In Design view of a form or report, create a grid of lines.
 For example, your grid might look like following:
 A more complex grid made of seven lines
 Click outside of the grid of lines and drag a rectangle over the grid.
 On the Format menu, click Group.
 Move a line in a grid of grouped lines
 Click the grid of grouped lines.
 While holding down the ALT key, click the line you want to move.
 When the pointer changes to a double-headed arrow, you can drag the line to a new location.
 Rules for moving an interior vertical line
 If you move the line to the right, the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant, and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens.
 If you move the line to the left, the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant, and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line contracts.
 At the back table sat two old men in shabby clothes, one very fat and the other very thin, intently studying the racing forms.
 Two empty coffee cups sat on the table between them.
 In the foreground, facing the magazine rack, a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands, staring at a picture of a naked woman.
 Quinn sat down at the counter and ordered a hamburger and a coffee.
 As the counterman swung into action, he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn.
 Did you see game tonight, man?
 I missed it. Anything good to report?
 What do you think?
 For several years Quinn had been having the same conversation with this man, whose name he did not know.
 Once, when he had been in the luncheonette, they had talked about baseball, and now, each time Quinn came in, they continued to talk about it.
 In the winter, the talk was of trades, predictions, memories.
 During the seasons, it was always the most recent game.
 They were both Mets fans, and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them.
 The counterman shook his head.
 First two times up, Kingsman hits solo shots, he said. Boom, boom. Big mothers – all the way to the moon.
 Jones is pitching good for once and things don't look too bad.
 It's two to one, bottom of the ninth.
 Pittsburgh gets men on second and third, one out, so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen.
 He walks the next guy to load them up.
 The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home, or maybe they can get the double play if it's hit up the middle.
 Pena comes up and chicken-shits a little grounder to first and the fucker goes through Kingman's legs.
 Two men score, and that's it, bye-bye New York.
 Dave Kingman is a turd, said Quinn, biting into his hamburger.
 But watch out for Foster, said the counterman.
 Foster's washed up. A has-been. A mean-faced bozo. Quinn chewed his food carefully, feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone.
 They should ship him back to Cincinatti by express mail.
 Yeah, said the counterman.
 But they'll be tough. Better than last year, anyway.
 I don't know, said Quinn, taking another bite.
 It looks good on paper, but what do they really have?
 Stearns is always getting hurt.
 They have minor leaguers at second and short, and Brooks can't keep his mind on the game.
 Mookie's good, but he's raw, and they can't even decide who to put in right.
 There's still Rusty, of course, but he's too fat to run anymore.
 And as for the pitching, forget it.
 You and I could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters.
 Maybe I make you the manager, said the counterman.
 You could tell those fuckers where to get off.
 You bet your bottom dollar, said Quinn.
 After he finished eating, Quinn wandered over to the stationery shelves.
 A shipment of new notebooks had come in, and the pile was impressive, a beautiful array of blues and greens and reds and yellows.
 He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred.
 Quinn did all his writing with a pen, using a typewriter only for final drafts, and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks.
 Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case, he felt that a new notebook was in order.
 It would be helpful to have a separate place to record his thoughts, his observations, and his questions.
 In that way, perhaps, things might not get out of control.
 He looked through the pile, trying to decide which one to pick.
 For reasons that were never made clear to him, he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom.
 He pulled it out and examined it, gingerly fanning the pages with his thumb.
 He was at a loss to explain to himself why he found it so appealing.
 For fifteen years the Soviet Union has been supporting the Arabs against Israel in the Middle East and all they have to show for it is the humiliation of their proteges and the capture and destruction of their equipment by Israel.
 The Arabs have shown no inclination toward Communist ideology and their oil continues to flow to the West.
 (The only other choice for the Arabs is to leave their oil in the ground.) "
 I copy this out for my own entertainment a specimen of illusionless American political analysis.
 These views, no substitute for common sense, are based upon careful staff work at the Hudson Institute.
 The Messrs. Kahn and Bruce Briggs say in a prefatory note that their book is "basically an organizational product.
 All of the staff at Hudson have contributed in some way to this work, as have the thousands of people with whom we have discussed these issues at meetings, seminars, and briefings at the Institute and other locations around the world. "
 What the literary imagination faces in these political times.
 One of the finest Israeli writers, A B Yehoshua, speaks about this in an excellent book of interviews, Unease in zion, edited by Ehud ben Ezer.
 "It is true," Yehoshua writes, "that because our spiritual life today can not revolve around anything but these questions [ political questions ], when you engage in them without end you can not spare yourself, spiritually, for other things.
 Nor can you attain the true solitude that is a condition and prerequisite of creation, the source and its strength.
 Rather, you are continuously summoned to solidarity, summoned from within yourself rather than by any external compulsion, because you live from one newscast to the next, and it becomes a solidarity that is technical, automatic from the standpoint of its emotional reaction, because by now you are completely built to react that way and to live in tension.
 Your emotional reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty, a plane shot down, are pre-determined.
 Hence the lack of solitude, the inability to be alone in the spiritual sense, and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity."
 During the Six Day War, Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event, that he was within a historic wave and at one with its flow.
 This was a pleasant and elevating feeling.
 But today, unable to see the end of war, he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave.
 "You do not achieve peace from history," he says.
 The feeling of being swept along and of uncertainty as regards the future prevents you from seeing things in any perspective whatsoever.
 You live the moment, without any perspective, but you can not break free of the moment, forget the moment.
 You can not cut yourself off and not read newspapers or stop hearing the news over the radio for weeks on end, as you could six or seven years ago. "
 It is slightly different with us.
 Our media make crisis chatter out of news and fill our minds with anxious phantoms of the real thing a summit in Helsinki, a treaty in Egypt, a constitutional crisis in India, a vote in the UN, the financial collapse of New York.
 We can't avoid being politicized (to use a word as murky as the condition it describes) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on.
 Worse yet, what is going on will not let us alone.
 Neither the facts nor the deformations, the insidious platitudes of the media (tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible), can be screened out.
 The study of literature is itself heavily "politicized."
 There is a clever, persistent young woman who writes to me often from Italy, who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a political interpretation.
 A cafeteria lunch in New York actually refers to a meeting in Canada between Churchill and Roosevelt, and a tussle with a drunk in the hallway of a rooming house corresponds to D-Day.
 I am sorry to own I began to worry them.
 This was already a fresh departure for me.
 I was not used to get things that way, you know.
 I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go.
 I wouldn't have believed it of myself; but, then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by crook.
 So I worried them.
 The men said 'My dear fellow' and did nothing.
 Then – would you believe it? – I tried the women.
 I, Charlie Marlow, set the women to work – to get a job. Heavens!
 Well, you see, the notion drove me.
 I had an aunt, a dear enthusiastic soul. She wrote: 'It will be delightful. I am ready to do anything, anything for you.
 It is a glorious idea. I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration, and also a man who has lots of influence with, &c., &c.
 She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat, if such was my fancy.
 I got my appointment – of course; and I got it very quick.
 It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives.
 This was my chance, and it made me the more anxious to go.
 It was only months and months afterwards, when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body, that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens.
 Yes, two black hens.
 Fresleven – that was the fellow's name, a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain, so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick.
 Oh, it didn't surprise me in the least to hear this, and at the same time to be told that Fresleven was the gentlest, quietest creature that ever walked on two legs.
 No doubt he was; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause, you know, and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way.
 Therefore he whacked the old nigger mercilessly, while a big crowd of his people watched him, thunderstruck, till some man, – I was told the chief's son, – in desperation at hearing the old chap yell, made a tentative jab with a spear at the white man – and of course it went quite easy between the shoulder-blades.
 Then the whole population cleared into the forest, expecting all kinds of calamities to happen, while, on the other hand, the steamer Fresleven commanded left also in a bad panic, in charge of the engineer, I believe.
 Afterwards nobody seemed to trouble much about Fresleven's remains, till I got out and stepped into his shoes.
 I couldn't let it rest, though; but when an opportunity offered at last to meet my predecessor, the grass growing through his ribs was tall enough to hide his bones.
 They were all there.
 The supernatural being had not been touched after he fell.
 And the village was deserted, the huts gaped black, rotting, all askew within the fallen enclosures.
 A calamity had come to it, sure enough. The people had vanished.
 Mad terror had scattered them, men, women, and children, through the bush, and they had never returned.
 What became of the hens I don't know either.
 I should think the cause of progress got them, anyhow.
 However, through this glorious affair I got my appointment, before I had fairly begun to hope for it.
 I flew around like mad to get ready, and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers, and sign the contract.
 In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me think of a whited sepulcher.
 Prejudice no doubt.
 I had no difficulty in finding the Company's offices.
 It was the biggest thing in the town, and everybody I met was full of it.
 They were going to run an over-sea empire, and make no end of coin by trade.
 A narrow and deserted street in deep shadow, high houses, innumerable windows with venetian blinds, a dead silence, grass sprouting between the stones, imposing carriage archways right and left, immense double doors standing ponderously ajar.
 I slipped through one of these cracks, went up a swept and ungarnished staircase, as arid as a desert, and opened the first door I came to.
 Two women, one fat and the other slim, sat on straw-bottomed chairs, knitting black wool.
 The slim one got up and walked straight at me – still knitting with downcast eyes – and only just as I began to think of getting out of her way, as you would for a somnambulist, stood still, and looked up. Her dress was as plain as an umbrella-cover, and she turned round without a word and preceded me into a waiting-room.
 I gave my name, and looked about.
 Deal table in the middle, plain chairs all round the walls, on one end a large shining map, marked with all the colors of a rainbow.
 There was a vast amount of red – good to see at any time, because one knows that some real work is done in there, a deuce of a lot of blue, a little green, smears of orange, and, on the East Coast, a purple patch, to show where the jolly pioneers of progress drink the jolly lager-beer.
 However, I wasn't going into any of these.
 I was going into the yellow. Dead in the center.
 And the river was there – fascinating – deadly – like a snake. Ough!
 A door opened, a white-haired secretarial head, but wearing a compassionate expression, appeared, and a skinny forefinger beckoned me into the sanctuary.
 Its light was dim, and a heavy writing-desk squatted in the middle.
 From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat. The great man himself.
 He was five feet six, I should judge, and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions.
 He shook hands, I fancy, murmured vaguely, was satisfied with my French.
 Bon voyage.
 In about forty-five seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate secretary, who, full of desolation and sympathy, made me sign some document.
 I believe I undertook amongst other things not to disclose any trade secrets.
 Well, I am not going to.
 I began to feel slightly uneasy.
 You know I am not used to such ceremonies, and there was something ominous in the atmosphere.
 It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I don't know – something not quite right; and I was glad to get out.
 In the outer room the two women knitted black wool feverishly.
 A caravan had come in.
 A violent babble of uncouth sounds burst out on the other side of the planks.
 All the carriers were speaking together, and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard 'giving it up' tearfully for the twentieth time that day...
 He rose slowly.
 'What a frightful row,' he said.
 He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man, and returning, said to me, 'He does not hear.'
 'What! Dead?' I asked, startled.
 'No, not yet,' he answered, with great composure.
 Then, alluding with a toss of the head to the tumult in the station-yard, 'When one has got to make correct entries, one comes to hate those savages – hate them to the death.'
 He remained thoughtful for a moment.
 'When you see Mr. Kurtz, he went on, tell him from me that everything here – he glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory.
 I don't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station.
 He stared at me for a moment with his mild, bulging eyes.
 'Oh, he will go far, very far,' he began again.
 'He will be a somebody in the Administration before long.
 They, above – the Council in Europe, you know – mean him to be.
 He turned to his work.
 The noise outside had ceased, and presently in going out I stopped at the door.
 In the steady buzz of flies the homeward-bound agent was lying flushed and insensible; the other, bent over his books, was making correct entries of perfectly correct transactions; and fifty feet below the doorstep I could see the still tree-tops of the grove of death.
 Next day I left that station at last, with a caravan of sixty men, for a two-hundred-mile tramp.
 No use telling you much about that.
 Paths, paths, everywhere; a stamped-in network of paths spreading over the empty land, through long grass, through burnt grass, through thickets, down and up chilly ravines, up and down stony hills ablaze with heat; and a solitude, a solitude, nobody, not a hut.
 The population had cleared out a long time ago.
 Well, if a lot of mysterious niggers armed with all kinds of fearful weapons suddenly took to traveling on the road between Deal and Gravesend, catching the yokels right and left to carry heavy loads for them, I fancy every farm and cottage thereabouts would get empty very soon.
 Only here the dwellings were gone too.
 Still I passed through several abandoned villages.
 There's something pathetically childish in the ruins of grass walls.
 Day after day, with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me, each pair under a 60-lb. load.
 Camp, cook, sleep, strike camp, march.
 Now and then a carrier dead in harness, at rest in the long grass near the path, with an empty water-gourd and his long staff lying by his side.
 A great silence around and above.
 Perhaps on some quiet night the tremor of far-off drums, sinking, swelling, a tremor vast, faint; a sound weird, appealing, suggestive, and wild – and perhaps with as profound a meaning as the sound of bells in a Christian country.
 Once a white man in an unbuttoned uniform, camping on the path with an armed escort of lank Zanzibaris, very hospitable and festive – not to say drunk.
 Was looking after the upkeep of the road, he declared.
 Can't say I saw any road or any upkeep, unless the body of a middle-aged negro, with a bullet-hole in the forehead, upon which I absolutely stumbled three miles farther on, may be considered as a permanent improvement.
 I had a white companion too, not a bad chap, but rather too fleshy and with the exasperating habit of fainting on the hot hillsides, miles away from the least bit of shade and water.
 Annoying, you know, to hold your own coat like a parasol over a man's head while he is coming-to.
 I couldn't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all.
 'To make money, of course.'
 What do you think? he said, scornfully.
 Then he got fever, and had to be carried in a hammock slung under a pole.
 As he weighed sixteen stone I had no end of rows with the carriers.
 They jibbed, ran away, sneaked off with their loads in the night – quite a mutiny.
 So, one evening, I made a speech in English with gestures, not one of which was lost to the sixty pairs of eyes before me, and the next morning I started the hammock off in front all right.
 An hour afterwards I came upon the whole concern wrecked in a bush – man, hammock, groans, blankets, horrors.
 The heavy pole had skinned his poor nose.
 He was very anxious for me to kill somebody, but there wasn't the shadow of a carrier near.
 I remembered the old doctor, – 'It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals, on the spot.
 I felt I was becoming scientifically interesting.
 However, all that is to no purpose.
 On the fifteenth day I came in sight of the big river again, and hobbled into the Central Station.
 It was on a back water surrounded by scrub and forest, with a pretty border of smelly mud on one side, and on the three others inclosed by a crazy fence of rushes. A neglected gap was all the gate it had,
 and the first glance at the place was enough to let you see the flabby devil was running that show.
 White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings, strolling up to take a look at me, and then retired out of sight somewhere.
 One of them, a stout, excitable chap with black mustaches, informed me with great volubility and many digressions, as soon as I told him who I was, that my steamer was at the bottom of the river.
 I was thunderstruck.
 What, how, why?
 Oh, it was all right.
 The manager himself was there.
 All quite correct.
 'Everybody had behaved splendidly! splendidly!
 – 'you must,' he said in agitation, 'go and see the general manager at once.
 The proposal put forward by the Commission is to be welcomed from the consumers' point of view.
 Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer's public declarations are also included in the defect definition.
 Ultimately that would be a disadvantage for the consumer.
 They were voted down and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino.
 One is the question of second-hand goods.
 I believe that with this hierarchy we have solved many of the problems for small and medium enterprises.
 At the same time it could result in job losses in the labour intensive repair services sector.
 In practise it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question.
 He is not to blame.
 But on the other hand a good reputation will benefit him, both with respect to the product and to his service.
 The shopkeeper will need right of recourse which he can use to recover his costs from the manufacturer.
 Madam President, I do not have a script, just two observations.
 That is an utterly ridiculous assumption.
 But a degree of protection is not the same as absolute cover against a host of things at the expense of something similar.
 What, for instance, is 'appropriate after-sales service'?
 The same applies to a whole series of other examples we can give.
 This is a sine-qua-non, and it would seem unnecessary to keep stressing it.
 I believe that this would be a lot easier if consumers were involved.
 There must be strict rules in abattoirs to maintain the highest levels of hygiene.
 Good farming practice and animal welfare can not be considered in isolation from food legislation as a whole.
 We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter.
 Please allow me to say that the present report can be judged very positively.
 And I would not want the opposite view to arise through any misunderstanding in the present report.
 So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect.
 Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to read her speech to you.
 Public opinion still has no faith in the Commission's ability to exercise control.
 Mr President, the European consumer needs to have increased confidence in food, not least after the BSE crisis.
 In Holland and other countries the original nature of national identity is being stripped away in the name of chicken and pig feed.
 Would that not be better than total harmonization, which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests, not food quality?
 The framework directive is part of this process.
 I have just another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect.
 If we are a member of an international rights community, then we must stay with it.
 The vote will be taken at 12.00 noon tomorrow.
 It is complicated because it deals with all nine separately and it is necessary to submit amendments in nine sets.
 Upon which safeguards are we insisting?
 With the help of their financial controller proper arrangements will now be legislated for.
 That is the problem: you can not comment on things that you have not read.
 They were set up by the European Union for a specific purpose.
 Our research has shown that these agencies do not need more controls.
 Let us hope, therefore, that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively.
 To a certain extent, this reminds me of my previous activity in the Committee on Budgets and in the Committee on Budgetary Control.
 We regret this and reaffirm our commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a financial impact.
 We take note of that, Mr von Habsburg, and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter.
 I have it here with me, Madam President.
 If that facility is available to Vice-President – and good luck to him – is it available to other Members?
 Ladies and gentlemen, you are persistently confusing the Minutes with the Report of Proceedings.
 I have therefore voted against the report.
 The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention.
 Does the Commission have any sort of long-term policy in mind here?
 The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises, which also deprive the European Union of a potential market.
 Secondly, a promotion campaign should be swiftly launched within the Community to increase awareness amongst the general public and boost consumption in Europe.
 The taxpayer who has to pay for it, the smaller undertakings and species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside.
 Nor have I expanded my production.
 What representation did the Commissioner receive from the United Kingdom Government about this dire emergency?
 The whole industry is in crisis.
 In a case like this, those governments that are still recommending increased production are being irresponsible.
 Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage.
 Through you I urge the Commission and the Council to reach decisions and take urgent action following the meeting on 14 October.
 Europe's farmers need help now.
 That just goes to show the possibilities in our country!
 But we do not take the view that including a corresponding reference to this in a recital can produce that result.
 For generic drugs at the end of a patent or other protection period are of course useful.
 Further improvements were made to the proposal in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.
 It will be resumed at 3 p.m.
 First there is the paragraph inviting the Commission to withdraw its proposal.
 It is very important for us to know that.
 Madam President, in the Swedish version of Amendment No-4 there is an unfortunate mistake.
 It is therefore very odd that the original text has been retained in this amendment.
 The authentic text is 'under certain conditions'.
 That needs to be made very clear.
 But business in the audiovisual sector is essentially done by small and medium-sized enterprises.
 Katiforis report (A4-0090/99)
 At some stage in their development all SMEs experience problems arising from their weak capital resources.
 Finance and mentorship should go hand in hand.
 If demand were to increase, so too would risk capital, regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not.
 This document reflects our group's main concerns about the future of the ACP-EU link.
 Areas vital to the health of Europeans certainly ought to be prioritised for intensified action and initiative by the European Union.
 Parliament has demonstrated its great interest in this area on a number of occasions.
 Second Hautala report (A4-0029/99)
 However, I can not support the reference to abortion.
 But the harmful psychological effects that abortions have on women are deliberately and constantly concealed.
 Entitlement to free abortions equates with women having the right to manage their lives and make decisions about their own bodies.
 There is no easy answer to the painful issue of abortion.
 I am thinking here, amongst other things, of issues such as the law on abortion.
 This objective requires a comprehensive approach to policy making and the mobilisation of all policy actors.
 To a certain extent, ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable.
 I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments.
 Children and workers at power stations were both studied.
 We have evidence, Mr President, but we apparently do not have proof.
 This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life.
 The guidelines and exposure proposed by the Commissioner are based on those recently published by the International Convention on Non-Ionising Radiation Protection.
 Mr Tamino's proposals are therefore greatly disproportionate.
 There are limited resources for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively.
 The Commission's estimates of what would be health-endangering values reflect the outcome of the research carried out.
 However, it is essential that the rules should be reasonable.
 Electromagnetic fields and their effect on people are subjects that have come up for debate with increasing frequency in recent years.
 In point of fact, we still do not have any precise answers to the questions which they raise.
 We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis, but they should be reasonable as well.
 Sweden has been mentioned in the discussion as one of the countries with satisfactory limit values.
 These are concentrated rays, but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are.
 For one thing, there is increasing concern, and that is undoubtedly true, on the part of experts too.
 Then there is Amendment No-12.
 If necessary, the Commission will act at once.
 We must work to end that in a sensible way.
 It is also hard, on the other hand, to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their national health systems.
 So what should be done?
 The current policy is ripe for review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited.
 It is only if the disadvantages equal the advantages that we should use the precautionary principle.
 The Needle report on the European Union's new public health policy seems to ignore this fact completely.
 Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Needle has gone to great trouble with the hearing in committee.
 I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission.
 The report mentions best practice and standards in health care.
 That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood.
 Unfortunately, at its last vote on the subject Parliament approved these subsidies by a majority.
 But Europe will not stand by while the world's trade rules are flouted.
 The dispute is becoming increasingly bitter and is beginning to look like a trade war.
 The European Union put a new and revised banana regime in place on 1 January 1999.
 For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution.
 The United States has shown that it holds negotiations in contempt.
 If we do not achieve our objective of resolving this dispute, then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana skin.
 He made a resigned grimace assuming understanding... My wife and I decided we couldn't stick it any longer.
 So we try it out here.
 I don't know; we'll see.
 I read you were coming back, there was an article in the paper, my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland, so I thought it was you.
 You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome.
 Yes, I suppose I won't know my way around when I get into town.
 Oh, it's still not New York or London, don't worry.
 The man spoke with an accent, and a certain European kind of resignation.
 They laughed.
 Well, in that case, we'll probably bump into each other in Great Lakes Road.
 Please Nkrumah Road.
 I said I should have to learn my way round all over again.
 The man looked about quickly and lowered his voice.
 This country can do with a few more white people like you, take it from me.
 People with some faith.
 Sometimes I even think I'm down South again, that's a fact.
 I've said it to my wife.
 A young black man with sunglasses and a thick, springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority.
 This way, Colonel, sir.
 Your luggage will be brought to the entrance, if you'll just give me the tickets...
 The other man, bobbing in the wash of this activity yet smiling at it in hostly assumption of his own established residence in the country, was talking across the black man and the exchange of pleasantries, tickets, thanks:
 at the Silver Rhino, of course, you remember the place.
 Any time... we'd be very pleased...
 He thanked him, listening to the two men at once and hearing neither, and followed the firm rump in white shorts past barriers and through the reception hall.
 That's all right, officer, this is Colonel Bray.
 I'm looking after Colonel Bray, no need to bother him.
 A youthful black official at passport control said uncertainly, Just a minute.
 I don't know about this... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said, That's okay, chum, it's our ole friend Mr. Kabata.
 The luggage was not waiting at the flag-draped and bunting-swathed entrance, where a picture of a huge Roman emperor Mweta, in a toga, smiled as he did in the old photograph of the Gala village football team.
 Mr. Kabata said, What's the matter with these people. Excuse me, I'll get a boy, and returned with the cases on the head of one of the stringy, splay-footed peasants who had always constituted the portering personnel.
 The porter addressed both men as Mukwayi, the respectful term became servile during the long time when it was used indiscriminately for any white man.
 There was an official pennant on the Volkswagen.
 Beside him, Kabata's strong thighs filled the seat.
 It's not too comfortable for a man your height, Colonel.
 The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes, but, honestly, if I'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I don't know when.
 You know how it is just at the moment.
 Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure.
 There were gilded arches over the old airport road to town; several men on bicycles wore shirts with Mweta's face printed in yellow and puce on their backs.
 He said, All very festive, but it was distraction; he had the feeling of listening inwardly, watching for something else.
 The young man said, You are from Gala district.
 I was.
 Why, are you from there?
 From Umsalongwe.
 But my mother is a Gala.
 I have visited that place.
 Oh have you?
 Recently or when you were a child?
 Perhaps I was still there then?
 I think they'll be very pleased to see you back there.
 He laughed.
 I wonder if I'll get that far.
 Oh, you must make trip the young man said proudly.
 I do it to Umsalongwe in ten hours.
 The road is much improved, much improved.
 You'll see.
 You could make it to Matoko in, say, six or seven.
 My car is a little tiny thing, a second-hand crock.
 Near the bridge the women were going for water with paraffin tins on their heads.
 Advertisement hoardings had gone up, there was a cement works, smart factories put together out of jutting glassy sections and, in between, the patches scratched in the bush where women and children were hoeing crooked rows of beans and maize.
 The children (an excuse to dawdle, of course) stopped and waved.
 He found himself waving back urgently, bending his head under the low roof of the car, smiling and craning to hold their faces when they were already out of sight.
 The car was approaching, was carrying him through the market quarter of the town.
 Under the mango trees, barbers' mirrors set up a flash in the shade, and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied.
 It was the mango season, and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips, sucked hairy, everywhere where people passed.
 The bird was on the roof of the round, thatched guest room in the garden of his old friend Roland Dando – a Welshman – newly appointed as Attorney-General.
 When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him.
 They gave him the African cook's special lunch that he remembered so well: slightly burned meat soup with lots of barley, overdone steak with fried onions, a pudding frothy on top and gelatinous underneath, tasting of eggs and granadilla juice.
 Roly rang up to see if he had arrived, and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend.
 Bray's ears were filled with the strange echoes of exhaustion and, stoked up by the hot lunch, his body threatened to suffocate him with waves of heat.
 He went into the room kept darkened by drawn curtains and slept.
 There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider's web made by the supporting beams of the roof.
 The underside of thatch that rested on it was smooth and straight, grey where it was old, blond where it had been replaced, and, like a tidy head, here and there showed a single stray strand out of place.
 The bird was probably balancing on the little porcelain conductor through which the electricity wire led to the light dangling above him.
 The bird was gone; he knew, almost as if the breath's weight of claws had pressed down the roof and now the pressure was released.
 The sun had come round and the curtains glowed like the sky above a fire.
 Bray felt he must be somewhere about; it was difficult to imagine this time without him.
 It was his as much as Mweta's.
 But no one seemed to have seen him, or to know whether he was, or had been, in the capital.
 There were other faces from the past;
 William Clough, the Governor, lifting his bristly eyebrows in exaggerated greeting at Mweta's banquet, the way he used to do on the tennis court in Dar-es-Salaam.
 James, you must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave.
 I daren't say dine – we're homeless, you know...
 Uncle Willie's Independence Joke, Vivien said. Produces a hearty, man-of-the-world laugh from Africans.
 The kind of laugh they've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil.
 Still, the Cloughs pursued Bray through Vivien.
 Aunt Dorothy says her secretary's been trying to get hold of you.
 They want you for drinks on Monday.
 I'd go if I were you, or she'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and didn't want to see them.
 He laughed.
 No, it's true
 She says that about me, to my mother.
 And she knows quite well that we'd never see each other in London either.
 The Cloughs had moved into the British Consulate for the last week or two before their departure, a large, glassy, contemporary house placed to show off the umbrella thorn-trees of the site, just as in an architect's scale model.
 The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides, secretaries, and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy's dog.
 There was some sort of scuffle when Bray arrived...
 he saw the consul's wife, whom he had met briefly, disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese.
 Flower arrangements were placed everywhere, as if there were illness in the house.
 Well, the job is done, one asks nothing more but to fold one's tents.
 He's a good chap, if they'll let him alone, he's learnt a lot, and one's done what one could...
 if he keeps his head, and that one can't be sure of, not even with him, mmh? not even with him.
 An elderly servant came in with a silver tray of glasses and bottles, and Clough interrupted himself to say with the sweet forbearance of one who does not spare himself, encouraging where others would give way to exasperation, It would be so nice if we could have a few slices of lemon... and more ice?
 Yes, all I've said to Mweta, again and again... make your own pace.
 Make your own pace and stick to it.
 He knows his own mind but he's not an intransigent fellow at all...
 well, of course, you know.
 Some time ago... a word in your ear, I said, you'd be unwise to lose Brigadier Radcliffe.
 Well, they've been clamouring away, of course, but he's refused to touch the army.
 Oh, I think I can say we've come out of it quite good friends.
 It was a modest disclaimer, with the effect of assuming in common the ease with Africans that he believed Bray to have.
 He looked pleasantly into the martini jug and put it down again patiently.
 The elderly servant who brought ice and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala people wore.
 That's perfect.
 Thank you so much.
 Bray greeted the servant in Gala with the respectful form of address for elders and the man dumped the impersonality of a servant as if it had been the tray in his hands and grinned warmly, showing some pigmentation abnormality in a pink inner lip spotted like a Dalmatian.
 The ex-Governor looked on, smiling.
 The servant bowed confusedly at him, walking backwards, in the tribal way before rank, and then recovering himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope.
 I'll pour Dorothy's martini as well, maybe that'll bring her.
 If only one could be transported on a magic carpet...
 anyway, we shall have three months in London now, with perhaps a week or two in Ireland.
 What've you been doing all these years in your ivory tower in Wiltshire?
 Were you a golfer, I can't quite remember...?
 Dorothy Clough came in and Clough cried out, Does it fit?
 Come and have a drink with James...
 My dear James... it must be a hundred years...
 We've had a crate made to transport Fritzi, and she's been trying it on him.
 My niece Vivien found a carpenter.
 She has the most extraordinary contacts, that girl.
 It's very useful!
 William Clough took a pecking sip at his martini. He said with gallant good humour, Reposting was child's play compared with this.
 All I'm saying, don't wear the sufferings of the past round your necks.
 What does independence mean – I don't use freedom, I don't like the big words – what does your independence mean, then?
 The past is useful for political purposes only said Hjalmar, as he might have said: she's right.
 Someone said, Watch out for the man from the CIA.
 Down with neo-colonialism.
 Of course, Curtis, said Hjalmar.
 But if you have to do it by keeping that forty years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children... ach, it's not healthy, it makes me sick.
 What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary's house?
 Mrs. Odara had joined the group, running a big, silver-nailed hand through Curtis Pettigrew's crew-cut hair.
 Oh God, Timothy, not that again.
 Odara laughed.
 But it always comes down to the same thing: you Europeans talk very reasonably about that sort of suffering because you don't know... you may have thought it was terrible, but there's nothing like that in your lives.
 Bray saw Margot Wentz put up her head with a quick grimace-smile, as if someone had told an old joke she couldn't raise a laugh for.
 Well, here you're mistaken, her husband said, rather grandly, we lived under Mr. Hitler.
 And you must know all about that.
 I'm not interested in Hitler.
 Timothy Odara's fine teeth were bared in impatient pleasantness.
 My friend, white men have killed more people in Africa than Hitler ever did in Europe.
 But you're crazy, said Wentz gently.
 Europe's wars, white men's killings among themselves. What's that to me?
 You've just said one shouldn't burden oneself with suffering.
 I don't have any feelings about Hitler.
 Oh but you should, Mrs. Wentz said, almost dreaming.
 No more and no less than you do about what happened to Africans.
 It's all the same thing.
 A slave in the hold of a ship in the eighteenth century and a Jew or a gipsy in a concentration camp in the nineteen-forties.
 Well, I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard, the guest of Her Majesty's governor, said Odara, that I know.
 Her two brothers died at Auschwitz, Hjalmar Wentz said;
 but his wife was talking to Jo-Ann Pettigrew, who offered blobs of toasted marshmallow on the end of a long fork.
 For God's sake, Timothy, stop baring your teeth and sink them into something.
 Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare; yet he ignored it, as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen's assumption that what women said was not heard, anyway.
 He said angrily to Wentz, directing the remark at the wife through the husband, What did you get in return that was worth it?
 Margot Wentz said, looking at no one, That one can't say.
 She waggled her fingers, sticky from the marshmallow, and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her.
 It was the evening when Bray, Neil, Evelyn Odara, one of the South African refugees, the Pettigrews, and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar.
 While Bray was standing about in the group with the Odaras and the Wentzes, Jo-Ann Pettigrew, having failed to get him to eat her last marshmallow, put it in her mouth and signalled to everyone there was something they must hear.
 Rebecca's been to the Sputnik and she says it's terrific now.
 They've knocked out a wall into that sort of yard thing and they have dancing.
 With girls laid on.
 Neil said, Hey?
 And which one of us's been taking Rebecca to the Sputnik?
 Laughter rose.
 Well, why don't we all go, that's what I want t' know.
 The young Pettigrew woman was always in a state of enthusiasm;
 her long curly hair had sprung out, diademed with raindrops, because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire.
 She was an anthropologist, and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions, on which she carried her baby tied on her back, African style.
 Who was it?
 There was a roar again.
 No, no – well, Ras took her...
 Oh Ras, was it?
 Sputnik Bar, eh?
 So that's it, now.
 Rebecca Edwards came in from the veranda, smiling good-naturedly, inquiringly, under the remarks shied at her.
 She said, There're bulbs like you see in films round the star's dressing-table, and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH.
 In great confusion, there and then they decided to go.
 Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children, and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too.
 Neil insisted that Bray must come;
 he was one of those people who, late at night, suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions.
 But when Neil, Bray, Evelyn Odara and the South African got down to the second-class trading area, the others hadn't arrived.
 They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment, meeting music like a buffeting about the head, and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing.
 There began one of those chases about in the night that, Bray saw, Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed.
 They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived...
 Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark building and called up, but there was no response.
 They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift; he was caught in the lights, hat in hand; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road.
 He answered Neil with a liberal use of Bwana, as a white man would expect if he were to do such a thing as stop for a black one on the road, and when he got into the car beside Bray and the South African, sat among these black and white city people like a hedgehog rolled into itself at a touch.
 Bray, back in this country once more, again aware of his own height and size and pinkness almost like some form of aggression he wasn't responsible for, knew that the fellow was holding himself away from contact with him.
 The voices of Evelyn, Neil, and the South African flew about the car;
 they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts;
 a donkey cropping among broken china on a refuse mound;
 the colours on the mosque almost visible, the silvered burglar grilles on the elaborate houses of the Indian sector.
 The second-class trading area had been laid out long ago and haphazardly; shops cropped up suddenly, streets met, the car plunged and rolled.
 THE WORST BIRTHDAY
 Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four, Privet Drive.
 Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud, hooting noise from his nephew Harry's room.
 Harry tried, yet again, to explain.
 If I could just let her out at night –
 He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia.
 Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long, loud belch from the Dursleys son, Dudley.
 We must feed you up while we've got the chance. I don't like the sound of that school food
 Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry.
 The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen; Mrs Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth; Mr Dursley jumped to his feet, veins throbbing in his temples.
 I meant "please"! said Harry quickly.
 Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt, who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet.
 Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small, sharp eyes.
 ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays, Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry Potter wasn't a normal boy.
 As a matter of fact, he was as not normal as it is possible to be.
 Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
 And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for the holidays, it was nothing to how Harry felt.
 He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant stomach ache.
 All Harry's spellbooks, his wand, robes, cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home.
 What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he hadn't practised all summer?
 What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his homework done?
 The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles (not a drop of magical blood in their veins) and as far as they were concerned, having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame.
 Uncle Vernon had even padlocked Harry's owl, Hedwig, inside her cage, to stop her carrying messages to anyone in the wizarding world.
 Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family.
 Uncle Vernon was large and neckless, with an enormous black moustache; Aunt Petunia was horse-faced and bony; Dudley was blond, pink and porky.
 Harry, on the other hand, was small and skinny, with brilliant green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy.
 He wore round glasses, and on his forehead was a thin, lightning-shaped scar.
 It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual, even for a wizard.
 This scar was the only hint of Harry's very mysterious past, of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years before.
 At the age of one, Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort, whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak.
 Harry's parents had died in Voldemort's attack, but Harry had escaped with his lightning scar, and somehow – nobody understood why – Voldemort's powers had been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry.
 So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother's sister and her husband.
 He had spent ten years with the Dursleys, never understanding why he kept making odd things happen without meaning to, believing the Dursleys story that he had got his scar in the car crash which had killed his parents.
 And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to Harry, and the whole story had come out.
 Harry had taken up his place at wizard school, where he and his scar were famous, but now the school year was over, and he was back with the Dursleys for the summer, back to being treated like a dog that had rolled in something smelly.
 The Dursleys hadn't even remembered that today happened to be Harry's twelfth birthday.
 of course, his hopes hadn't been high; they'd never given him a proper present, let alone a cake – but to ignore it completely.
 Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it.
 This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career, said Uncle Vernon.
 Harry went back to his toast.
 of course, he thought bitterly, Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party.
 He'd been talking of nothing else for a fortnight.
 Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him (Uncle Vernon's company made drills).
 Good, good.
 Dudley put on a foul, simpering smile.
 Excellent, Dudley, said Uncle Vernon.
 Then he rounded on Harry.
 At eight fifteen –
 And you? said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry.
 Now, we should aim to get in a few good compliments at dinner.
 Do tell me where you bought your dress, Mrs Mason
 This was too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry.
 Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son, while Harry ducked under the table so they wouldn't see him laughing.
 Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged.
 Too right you will, said Uncle Vernon forcefully.
 When dinner's over, you take Mrs Mason back to the lounge for coffee, Petunia, and I'll bring the subject round to drills.
 With any luck, I'll have the deal signed and sealed before the News at Ten.
 Harry couldn't feel too excited about this.
 He didn't think the Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did in Privet Drive.
 Harry left through the back door.
 It was a brilliant, sunny day.
 He crossed the lawn, slumped down on the garden bench, and sang under his breath: "Happy birthday to me. happy birthday to me"
 No cards, no presents, and he would be spending the evening pretending not to exist.
 He gazed miserably into the hedge.
 He had never felt so lonely.
 More than anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.
 They, however, didn't seem to be missing him at all.
 Neither of them had written to him all summer, even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay.
 Countless times, Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter, but it wasn't worth the risk.
 Underage wizards weren't allowed to use magic outside school.
 Harry hadn't told the Dursleys this; he knew it was only their terror that he might turn them all into dung beetles that stopped them locking him in the cupboard under the stairs with his wand and broomstick.
 For the first couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs would carry him.
 But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday.
 What wouldn't he give now for a message from Hogwarts?
 From any witch or wizard?
 He'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy, Draco Malfoy, just to be sure it hadn't all been a dream.
 Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun.
 At the very end of last term, Harry had come face to face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself.
 Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self, but he was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to regain power.
 Harry had slipped through Voldemort's clutches for a second time, but it had been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept waking in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where Voldemort was now, remembering his livid face, his wide, mad eyes.
 Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench.
 He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back.
 Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves.
 Harry jumped to his feet just as a jeering voice floated across the lawn.
 The huge eyes blinked and vanished.
 So you've finally learned the days of the week.
 Dudley hitched up his trousers, which were slipping down his fat bottom.
 Why're you staring at the hedge? he said suspiciously.
 Dudley stumbled backwards at once, a look of panic on his fat face.
 MUUUUUUM! howled Dudley, tripping over his feet as he dashed back towards the house.
 Harry paid dearly for his moment of fun.
 As neither Dudley nor the hedge was in any way hurt, Aunt Petunia knew he hadn't really done magic, but he still had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his head with the soapy frying pan.
 Then she gave him work to do, with the promise he wouldn't eat again until he'd finished.
 While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice-creams, Harry cleaned the windows, washed the car, mowed the lawn, trimmed the flowerbeds, pruned and watered the roses and repainted the garden bench.
 The sun blazed overhead, burning the back of his neck.
 Harry knew he shouldn't have risen to Dudley's bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he didn't have any friends at Hogwarts
 Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now, he thought savagely, as he spread manure on the flower beds, his back aching, sweat running down his face.
 Harry moved gladly into the shade of the gleaming kitchen.
 On top of the fridge stood tonight's pudding: a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets.
 A joint of roast pork was sizzling in the oven.
 Eat quickly!
 She was already wearing a salmon-pink cocktail dress.
 Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful supper.
 The moment he had finished, Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate.
 As he passed the door to the living room, Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets.
 He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs.
 Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe, slipped inside, closed the door and turned to collapse on his bed.
 The trouble was, there was already someone sitting on it.
 Harry managed not to shout out, but it was a close thing.
 The little creature on the bed had large, bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls.
 Harry knew instantly that this was what had been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning.
 As they stared at each other, Harry heard Dudley's voice from the hall.
 May I take your coats, Mr and Mrs Mason?
 The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long thin nose touched the carpet.
 Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase, with rips for arm and leg holes.
 Th-thank you, said Harry, edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair, next to Hedwig, who was asleep in her large cage.
 Just Dobby.
 Er – I don't want to be rude or anything, but – this isn't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom.
 Aunt Petunias high, false laugh sounded from the living room.
 The elf hung his head.
 People goggled through the bars at him as he lay, starving and weak, on a bed of straw.
 Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage, laughing at him.
 Leave me alone. cut it out. I'm trying to sleep.
 He opened his eyes.
 Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window.
 And someone was goggling through the bars at him: a freckle-faced, red-haired, long-nosed someone.
 Ron Weasley was outside Harry's window.
 Harry's mouth fell open as the full impact of what he was seeing hit him.
 Ron was leaning out of the back window of an old turquoise car, which was parked in mid-air.
 Grinning at Harry from the front seats were Fred and George, Ron's elder twin brothers.
 If you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@enron.com.
 Everybody needs a little help now and then, even eSpeak.
 There were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well.
 Those requests should be somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our colleagues can be quite a task!
 Thank you all for your participation.
 Dale,
 Confirmed.
 Vince
 Vince:
 7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect.
 I will see you in the lobby at 7am.
 Best regards,
 Dale
 Dale,
 Friday is a bad day (Performance Review Committee all day).
 What about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00?
 We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street).
 Vince
 Vince:
 Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office?
 That would be particularly convenient for me.
 I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane.
 That will ensure that I wont take up too much of your time!!
 Thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient with me.
 Dale Nesbitt
 FYI
 Vince sold!
 I'll initiate the call.
 Ed,
 Thursday works for me.
 What about 10:30 my time?
 Vince
 Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
 how about Thursday, July 6?
 Ed,
 A correction.
 I shall spend an entire day at PRC (performance review) on Friday, July 7.
 Can we do on another day
 If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets.
 I don't know where this stands officially (I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want.
 Mark E Haedicke
 07/18/2000 08:58 AM
 We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America.
 I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form.
 I am thinking 4 slides at the most.
 Is that what you want?
 Mark
 Current Plan:
 Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return)
 9 work days
 Wed. Sept. 20 - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm
 Thur. Sept. 21 - Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to flight to Nice
 - Arrv. Nice around noon?
 rent car & drive to first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse
 Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice?
 Sat. Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon
 Sun. Sept. 24 - St. Tropez
 Mon. Sept. 25 - St. Tropez
 Tue. Sept. 26 - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris
 Wed. Sept. 27 - Paris
 Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip)
 Fri. Sept. 29 - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip)
 Sat. Sept. 30 - Paris
 Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - (arrv. London late afternoon)
 Mon. Oct. 2 - London (meetings for CLH)
 Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around 4:30pm)
 To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.
 I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London).
 Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a problem with the attachment).
 If you still have it, can you send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"?
 I will take care of it.
 Thanks for the reminder.
 Ladies,
 Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics.
 Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US.
 Note that the credit thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds.
 Please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP.
 Please deliver a copy to me as well.
 Have a great weekend.
 Max
 << File: Ineos.xls >>
 Robbi:
 I left you a voice mail on Friday.
 I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had.
 Marie
 Hi,
 Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement.
 John Suttle has OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA.
 Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow?
 If they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.
 Thanks
 Pat
 Pat,
 Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement.
 I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested.
 I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days.
 (Clauses 2 & 3).
 I have tracked all changes for ease of reference.
 If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution.
 If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call.
 Regards,
 Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford, VIC 3067. Ph. (03) 9221 4101 Fax.(03) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920
 <<Enron - UC Master Agreement - 0308.doc>>
 Turn up your sound a bit.
 Reminder:
 Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A.
 Nick:
 Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V.
 Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted.
 Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
 Marie x33907
 Tana:
 Here's info on the Elliotts.
 Marie
 CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!
 We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived.
 Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that Mom is doing well.
 Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones.
 I know you all are going to have so much fun with them.
 Hope you've been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while.
 Again, congratulations.
 These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon.
 Take care
 Marie
 Ladies and gentlemen,
 This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday, 6th July, to our triplets:
 Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs
 Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs
 Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs.
 Although small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights.
 Emma is fine, too - very well!!
 All the best and kind regards
 Mark
 OOPS!
 Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you.
 Marie
 Rebecca:
 I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.
 I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.
 Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.
 Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
 Marie x33907
 Turn up your sound a bit.
 Hi, Liz:
 Thanks!
 Marie
 Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
 Ms. Marquez:
 I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz.
 Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments.
 We look forward to hearing your comments.
 Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
 Ms. Marquez:
 Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments.
 Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite, Senior Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.
 Thank you for your assistance.
 Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
 Tanya:
 I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.
 Will you pass along to the appropriate person?
 Thanks!
 Marie
 Marie -
 per our conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above.
 Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann, I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in the sum of $8M each: one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron, and one by Enron Inc. f/b/o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing.
 I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $10M for each party, but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly.
 Let me know if this is your understanding, as well.
 After you have had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked-up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there.
 Should you have any questions, feel free to call me.
 I can be reached at 315-460-3344.
 Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349.
 I look forward to hearing from you.
 Patty Snyder
 (See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)(See attached file: ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)
 - ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
 - ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
 Hi Marie
 Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?
 Thanks, I know you are busy.
 Tracy
 Jeff:
 Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.
 I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message.
 Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
 Marie x33907
 Hi everyone,
 I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
 Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
 If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
 Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
 Karim.
 Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
 There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
 John
 John, Karim,
 I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
 I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
 I'll keep you posted.
 Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
 I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)
 Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436
 The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
 I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
 Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
 The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
 John
 Karim,
 I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts.
 Hi everyone,
 I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
 Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
 If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
 Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
 Karim.
 Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
 There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
 John
 John, Karim,
 I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
 I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
 I'll keep you posted.
 Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
 I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)
 Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436
 The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
 I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
 Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
 The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
 John
 unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, I can meet with you individually later some time
 OK, now that I've got your attention - I really am offering free lunch!
 I would like to informally get together with you on Wednesday, July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm (max) to talk about your recruiting experience with Enron Canada.
 We're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process.
 For those of you in Toronto, I apologize for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time!
 However, if you can wait til 2:00pm to eat, go ahead and grab something and expense it!
 We'll hook you guys in by videoconference.
 I've booked Videoconference Room # 1.
 Please let me know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food.
 Thanks!!
 Thanks,
 Stephanie
 Sam & Stephanie,
 Re: Cargill Ferrous International
 It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
 Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
 Samuel Schott
 03/21/2001 01:58 PM
 Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
 Attn. GCP_London:
 There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
 Please respond.
 Best Rgds.
 Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
 Please see attached.
 Doc -
 I'll be in town through Sunday morning.
 Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve.?
 Mark
 I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning.
 MHC
 Can you cover for me today?
 I am in mediation.
 I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled.
 My schedule shows an afternoon session.
 Do we have 2 sessions today?
 If so, you may want to split and cover.
 Thanks a ton.
 I will take you next one in August.
 Thanks,
 Kriste
 Kriste K. Sullivan Enron Corp. - Legal EB 4861 (713) 853-7557 Phone (713) 646-5847 Fax
 I got this.
 I assume this is 12:30 Central Time?
 When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
 Where: Conf. Call
 *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
 10:30-11:30 PST
 Call-in #: 800/711-8000
 Passcode: 4153030
 Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement.
 What do you think?
 MHC
 Michelle, please comment.
 Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written.
 After that, what do we do?
 Brad
 After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench.
 Please see attached Word file
 Best regards
 Tobias Munk
 Please see the attached.
 Teresa
 Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete).
 Michelle
 We're formatting one this week, and we'll send it when it's done.
 Michelle
 Thanks very much.
 Do you also have a SSD we can use?
 Jane
 << File: 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File: 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >>
 Here are the sample Agreements.
 Please let us know if you need anything else.
 Thanks.
 Diane Goode Senior Specialist
 I agree also, but I don't know all the parties or complications involved.
 Should there be a (groan) meeting on this?
 Can you please help with this one?
 I agree with what the concern is below.
 We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id).
 I think we should try to migrate to one of these.
 Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer.
 Thanks.
 Kathy,
 Per my voicemail message, please review the note below.
 I'd like to work with you on a response to this customer.
 Thanks,
 Brandee
 Brandee Sanborn I.S.C. Customer Care Design & Process Support http://isc.enron.com/site
 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
 Ngoc Luan Do@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
 08/07/2001 12:36 PM
 To Whom It May Concern:
 Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.
 I am very concerned about this issue.
 I have the following suggestion for our company.
 Since Enron's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR number, could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers?
 This will be safer for all employees.
 For example, I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number.
 I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron, especially when some databases are from third-parties (out-sourcing).
 We could use our badge number there instead of our SS.
 Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number.
 Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting.
 Thanks.
 MHC
 All,
 A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below:
 Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm (EB46C1).
 The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows:
 Sunjay Arya
 Gary Buck
 Khymberly Booth
 Ryan Seleznov
 Mecole Brown
 Tim O'Rourke
 Tana Cashion
 Sheila Walton
 Wendy Fincher
 Sheila Knudsen
 Karen Phillips
 Neil Davies
 Noel Ryan
 Cindy Skinner
 Simone Scott Walker
 Shanna Funkhouser
 Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above.
 Upon receipt, I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.
 In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation.
 Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points (a max of 150) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period.
 If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know.
 Kind regards,
 Karen. x54667
 Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this.
 Let's talk tomorrow.
 Thanks.
 Michelle
 This is the background to my conversation with Shanna.
 I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow.
 Thanks for following up on this.
 Per
 Per -
 I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher.
 Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?
 John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions.
 I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur.
 Thank you
 Paula
 Let's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality, etc.
 Thanks.
 MHC
 Hi Ya'll,
 I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request.
 Let me know if you have any questions.
 Regards,
 Sandra
 Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on: Enron's Affirmative Action Policy and plans; as well as demographic analysis of workforce (gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality)
 Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School (HBS) on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'.
 HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.
 Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me.
 Regards,
 Cindy
 please print all these for me.
 Thanks.
 MHC
 Ryan,
 Try this.
 bob k
 FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues.
 Michelle
 Michelle,
 Two in one day.
 We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth, Florida project as well.
 Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work.
 In that respect, we need to dial in Rick Johnson and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.
 I think the first step is a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero.
 And then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan.
 Barbara, please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me.
 Thanks.
 David,
 I have been advised by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site.
 Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required.
 I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today.
 We will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard.
 Mike Indivero, I understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31, 2001.
 Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date.
 Thanks,
 Galen J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell, WA 98011 USA Tel: 425-415-3052 Cell: 425-922-0475 Fax: 425-415-3098 email: <mailto:galent@nepco.com> mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
 Rick Hopkinson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
 09/16/99 10:07 AM
 Sara, trading is still not settled.
 Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call.
 I would like both Lynn and I to participate.
 I assume we should come over EB.
 Can you tell us where.
 Thanks
 Rick
 ,Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call.
 Could
 Sara Shackleton@ECT
 09/16/99 08:55 AM
 Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?
 I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil.
 Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers.
 If you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know.
 I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24.
 In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers.
 In BA, I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers.
 Let me know if you would like to participate in any way.
 Sara
 please try to verify.
 Thanks.
 Justin
 Not when I was there, but I wasn't there the whole time.
 Michelle and Ken,
 were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday?
 If you got the chance today, I should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue; I think we should set out DPC's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay.
 Justin
 ____________________________________________________________
 This message is confidential.
 It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
 If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
 ____________________________________________________________
 Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature.
 Thanks.
 Russell Montgomery@ENRON
 11/28/2000 08:22 AM
 Richard-
 Per my voice mail, here is the letter.
 As I mentioned, please let me know when it is ready, and I will send someone to pick it up.
 Thank you for your help.
 Russ 3-5297
 brianp@aiglincoln.com
 Rob Jacobs <rsjacobs@Encoreacq.com>
 11/28/2000 11:25 AM
 Hi Rich,
 Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet?
 Also, remind me of Patterson's email, so I can harass him directly.
 Hope your pre Chanukah planning is going well.
 Rob
 - C.DTF
 As you can tell from the time of my e-mail, I am getting crushed.
 Please ask her to be the contact person.
 Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
 11/28/2000 09:46 AM
 Now that Michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this?
 I am sending you a letter from their atty.
 Call me to discuss.
 Cheryl Marshall
 11/27/2000 10:25 AM
 As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
 We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
 Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
 Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 AM
 The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman.
 (See attached file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc)
 - Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc
 Richard B Sanders
 11/28/2000 09:56 PM
 I am sending you a letter from their atty.
 Call me to discuss.
 Cheryl Marshall
 11/27/2000 10:25 AM
 As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
 We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
 Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
 Has Liz finished with gathering the documents?
 melanie.gray@weil.com
 11/13/2000 03:43 PM
 Here are the revised dates for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel.
 As you may recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention.
 We should be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their threat.
 I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking.
 As you see below, she is pulling those together.
 Call to discuss the response to the Trustee's settlement offer.
 Thanks.
 Hi--
 Talked to Craig and the Court today.
 The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m.
 The trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1.
 I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested.
 That is all for now.
 --Liz
 **********NOTE**********
 The information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above.
 If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
 If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original message.
 Thank you.
 "Gerry Strathmann" <gstrathmann@mediaone.net>
 11/08/2000 02:19 PM
 Dear Mr. Sanders -
 ?
 While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project, I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well...
 ?
 We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol.?
 We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts.?
 The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol.
 I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions.?
 At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings.
 Initially our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultants, would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day.?
 Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services.?
 Before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting.
 The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces.?
 We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment.
 We would like to meet between November 14 and?December 1?since construction of our services is already underway.?
 Please let me know what is possible, and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions (978-376-9004).
 ?
 Thanks.
 -> Gerry
 Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association (978) 376-9004 303-294-4499
 "Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com>
 11/29/2000 09:52 AM
 Thanks, Richard.
 Do you have a tel # for Mike?
 Thanks.
 Mark Palmer@ENRON
 11/29/2000 10:45 AM
 I'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it.
 Mark
 "Leopold, Jason" <Jason.Leopold@dowjones.com>
 11/29/2000 10:40 AM
 Hello Energyphiles:
 OK, perhaps it was inevitable.
 But it is now official.
 A team of San Diego's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California this year.
 A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today.
 WHEN: 11am - noon
 WHERE: 550 West C St. (b/t Columbia & India) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine, Steinberg, Miller & Huver 619-231-9449
 WHAT: Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time.
 UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint.
 We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today.
 ***********************************
 "Time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best students"
 Michael Shames Executive Director Utility Consumers' Action Network 1717 Kettner Blvd. Suite 105 San Diego, CA 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
 the industry of Marriage and Kids, you heard me.
 Marriage is, in and of itself, a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck.
 How can I say such an abomination, ask you?
 Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they do.
 These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air.
 These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again.
 And you might think by reading this I blame the kids.....
 Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they do.
 It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them.
 That will likely never change.
 It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids.
 Very few parents do this.
 And this is a direct result of the Politically correct, permissive, time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this.
 When you blame it all on society, there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're doing.
 People like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my sympathy.
 Look inside yourselves parents, is this you?
 Probably it is.
 Fuck you.
 Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to "get a break" .
 You made a choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice that you madea and that's life.
 Tough shit.
 Just because you're stuck, doesnt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you.
 Another time I'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where "Mommies" get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason.
 This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism".
 It must be stamped out.
 [http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines]
 (Newsday.com)
 It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago.
 Now, NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with "go" fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches.
 The most important question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image-puffing and budget-cutting.
 I hope so.
 Seeing another "Columbia" incident can be quite frightening (I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas).
 We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species.
 Maybe one day they will allow space tourism, (hopefully that will be in the near future)although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones.
 You do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the "fear of reporting failure" culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on the Columbia shuttle.
 Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems (as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses).
 But supporters are pointing a few good things out:
 Clearly, the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical challenges posed by a superb and surprisingly independent-minded investigative panel.
 A few weeks ago, shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center received a rocket-like boost in morale with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carry.
 One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed.
 The other is a new fuel tank "guaranteed" by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation.
 NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future.
 But lets hope for their sake (and the sake of all space lovers out there) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again.
 Selah.
 --
 Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM
 Healing the Collective Body
 In George Orwell's influential novel "1984" doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as "war is peace".
 I see the merit in flowing with duality.
 One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one, that there is no separation between you and I, we are all together in this thing called life, we human beings, the birds and the tress, the rocks and the sky, all of it.
 I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body, mind and soul.
 Think of all life, if you will, as one great choir or one grand congregation.
 Our strength is in our unity and harmony.
 Any major dischord and we all suffer.
 Any insult to the collective good brings us all down.
 Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness.
 We are only as strong as our weakest, we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us- playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before I was finished being a teenager.
 When the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down.
 When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting themselves.
 There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in.
 What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you.
 We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace.
 Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him.
 What are you doing to the least of the people?
 If we are all in this thing together, let's play nice.
 Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny.
 No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier, we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality.
 Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour cannot continue indefinitely.
 In the near future collective choices will need to be made.
 Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard?
 Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger?
 There is no health without peace and no peace without health.
 November 2005
 Sunshine Coast, British Columbia, Canada
 Christopher Scipio Homeopath/Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist
 One Simple Idea.
 One Huge Opportunity.
 What are you searching for?
 More personal freedom?
 This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $42,000.00 and it's still coming rapidly.
 It's certainly worth $6.00 and six stamps, and I have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning!!!
 Let me tell you how this works and most important, why it works..........
 also make sure you print this out NOW, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it.
 I promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy!!
 Suggestion: Read this entire message carefully!!
 (Print it out or download it)
 Follow the simple directions and watch the money come in!!
 It's easy.
 It's legal.
 And, your investment is only $6.00 (Plus postage) !!!
 IMPORTANT:
 This is not a rip-off, it is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no risk - it really works!!
 If all the following instructions are adhered to, you will receive extraordinary dividends.
 PLEASE NOTE:
 Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days.
 This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants.
 Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions.
 You will now become apart of the Mail Order business.
 You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists.
 Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
 However, the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list.
 Here are the four easy steps to success.
 STEP ONE:
 Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on each piece of paper "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST."
 Now get 6 U.S. $1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope (to prevent thievery).
 Next, place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them.
 You now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 bill.
 What you are doing is creating a service.
 THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL!!!!!
 You are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it!!
 Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all.
 So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-238-5355) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal!!
 Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses:
 1) G. Burrows 1/264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia
 2)S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove, CA 92842 USA
 3) G.V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St, #1 Brooklyn, NY 11222 USA
 4)R. Ansems Gen. Foulkesstraat 5 4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands
 5)W. Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31 Columbus, Ohio 43228
 STEP TWO:Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add YOUR NAME as number 6 on the list.
 STEP THREE:
 Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible.
 Now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups. :
 (I think there are close to 24,000 groups)
 All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make!!
 This is perfectly legal!!
 If you have any doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws.
 Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money, you can use it again, and again.
 PLEASE REMEMBER that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering to directions.
 Look at it this way.
 If you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way.
 NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you.
 This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service.
 (Also, it might be a good idea to wrap the $1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft).
 So, as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed, all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each.
 Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the #1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH!!!
 What an opportunity for only $6.00 ( $1.00 for each of the first six people listed above)
 Send it now, add your own name to the list and you're in business!!!
 *****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!*****
 STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
 Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the edit menu.
 This will copy the entire letter into the computer's memory.
 STEP TWO:
 Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page.
 From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'.
 This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list.
 STEP THREE:
 Save your new notepad file as a text file.
 If you want to do your posting in different settings, you'll always have this file to go back to.
 STEP FOUR:
 Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu.
 Fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post message button.
 You're done.
 Congratulations!!!!!!
 THAT'S IT!!
 All you have to do, and It Really works!!!
 Best Wishes
 Blue Planet: Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf?
 By Dan Whipple
 UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
 Boulder, CO, Feb. 23 (UPI) --
 Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood's grandma and blew down the houses of two-thirds of the Three Little Pigs, the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation.
 In part because of that reputation, the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s, except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake Superior.
 The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park in 1943.
 Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done.
 Their sheep could graze, their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard.
 After the major kill-offs, wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend.
 Like UFOs or Sasquatch, several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves, usually in Yellowstone.
 In the 1960s, a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves, then released them when their shooting was done.
 If so, this happy band has not been heard from since.
 Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a breeding population.
 If true, the caper failed.
 Over time, the wolf's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image.
 Eventually, a trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its former home range in the northern Rocky Mountains.
 This trickle grew into a flood, resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still-continuing objections of ranchers.
 These wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies, where merely 10 years ago there were none.
 One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range.
 Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University has given considerable credence to this idea.
 OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding Hood and the Three Pigs.
 They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion.
 Since reintroduction, however, Ripple and Beschta have found, fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings.
 "All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet,
 "You say, 'wow!'
 An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow."
 This simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstone.
 More streamside willow and aspen have meant better habitat for beaver, for instance.
 Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park's northern range before the wolves returned, now there are nine.
 "It may be uninteresting to a lot of people," Beschta told Blue Planet.
 "There's a lot of impact on plants and they say, 'Who cares?'
 But we've been looking at streamside communities.
 Since wolf recovery, streamside plants, willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian species, berry-producing shrubs that bears can use.
 It's important with regard to the quality of streams.
 The plants provide shade and root strength for bank stability.
 Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems."
 Yellowstone has a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the world.
 Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back, their behavior appears markedly different.
 "I'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations," however, he cautioned.
 "Wolves are still pretty new.
 They've only been there for 10 years.
 In 10 more years we'll have a better idea."
 Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal's status from endangered to threatened and, eventually, to remove it from the endangered species list altogether.
 Bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs in the northern Rockies, as required by federal regulations.
 Some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states, including Colorado, Utah and Oregon, among others.
 On Jan. 31, Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them.
 He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status.
 Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision.
 Regardless of the wolf's legal status, its future expansion into new areas now seems likely.
 Wolves can migrate considerable distances.
 A Yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a Colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home.
 Meanwhile, his reputation seems to be improving, although Bangs noted a "pretty interesting social dynamic."
 There are only about 850 wolves in the West, but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions.
 Pound for pound, mountain lions eat more game and more livestock than wolves.
 They even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm.
 Yet people seem willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lions, despite the risks.
 It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf.
 Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction?
 They seem to be just that: rumors.
 True, there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States.
 It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance, a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago.
 Bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died.
 He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants.
 --
 Blue Planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment, by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple.
 E-mail: sciencem...@upi.com
 Climate: Humans fuss, animals adjust
 By Dan Whipple
 UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
 Boulder, CO, Nov. 15 (UPI) --
 Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome.
 They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening.
 It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions, and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming.
 Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold, published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61-year uninterrupted phenological records.
 Phenology studies an organism's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life.
 Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999, spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data.
 Birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier.
 The Eastern phoebe is showing up about 20 days before it used to.
 The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May.
 Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming.
 In England, the cuckoo returns earlier.
 An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one-third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago.
 "One of the major, most well-documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities," concluded a report titled "Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week.
 Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology.
 "Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change," said Camille Parmesan, a University of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue.
 These changes are occurring across all species, Parmesan told UPI's Climate.
 "Across the United States, the northern edge of species' range is expanding," she said.
 Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly, which migrates between Mexico and southern California.
 Some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat.
 "Empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver," she said.
 "There have been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable."
 According to Parmesan's earlier studies, one extinction event, for instance, was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely, relying on a warming temperature signal, then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat.
 Throughout the United States, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier.
 Tree swallows are nesting nine days earlier.
 Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast.
 Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many, many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean."
 As the Pew report concluded, "Sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within U.S. ecosystems."
 Such consequences include shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems.
 The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage.
 The Alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to "being a net source of CO2 (releasing more carbon than is stored) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2."
 The Pew report coincided with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact Assessment."
 The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000.
 "The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic," said ACIA chair Robert Corell.
 "The Arctic is experiencing some of the most rapid and severe climate change on Earth.
 The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come."
 The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years.
 Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century, the assessment found, with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice.
 "Should the Arctic Ocean become ice-free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction," the report concluded.
 As with so much climate research, not everyone agrees with these dire predictions.
 A third report, "The Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other two, falls somewhat into that category.
 On the one hand, the IPN report agreed "Climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise.
 This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase."
 On the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries.
 "The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge," the IPN report said.
 "A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic."
 The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster.
 Important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish.
 Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate.
 The IPN report examines commercial fish species, but it neglects important non-commercial animals, such as seals and polar bears.
 In a limited economic sense, therefore, the organization can argue warming might be a good thing.
 The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears, checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables.
 The Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument.
 They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species, and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy.
 im 33.
 ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all...i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window.
 when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors.
 can anyone give me information about them?
 They can be bleak and eerie, often very exposed, often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds, stone circles and settlements--until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands,then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil.
 The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland.
 They can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers.
 I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope?
 My appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope.
 She seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat...
 How could I work with her to get off her four hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly??
 Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step, it's in the feeling when you feel her think trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving.
 If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant.
 Lope her to the left in circles, keep her head to the inside of the circle and push her but out, keep doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger circle, till she can get enough balance to go small and small.circles
 my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...?
 hi everyone....just hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera..wel,i always wanted 2 hav one by sony..but anyways,ended up having olympus X940 from my dad.......does any1 already has it?
 how has ur experience with it?
 is it a gud option for casual/formal functions photography?????
 wht abt its picture quality???
 is it comparable to sony products or not??
 it has 14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoom...
 ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated.......thanks!!!!!!!
 Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects.
 It is def worth more than the price.
 I am VERY satisfied.
 A good camera for the plain point and shoot.
 My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in English.
 Get your English in order before writing here again please.
 dead pixel of my photos?
 just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead pixel...is there something wrong with my camera body?
 lens?
 or what?
 please help me..and what should i do to fix this problem?
 or it is normal?
 Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
 Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
 Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops
 You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
 Cure is to get the sensor cleaned
 There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures.
 Chris
 New Zealand skilled migrant visa?
 If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field.
 I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???
 Watch out the poles are coming.....my little butterfly
 That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar
 It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
 Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.
 If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector.
 It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
 In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget?
 Downtown Chicago, Loop, North
 Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right.
 Walk 2 blocks then turn right again.
 Walk 2 more blocks then cross the street.
 You will get to a place called "BIG BOWL".
 THAI FOOD AND ASIAN.
 BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
 McDonalds
 Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go.
 A lunch will be less expensive than a dinner.
 You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner.
 But the best way is to use coupons.
 Check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices.
 Yo also may want to try "small neighborhood" restaurants and support family run places rather than the large corporate chains.
 Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area.
 Is there any cure for mouse poison?
 I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house, and since I was able to catch it very easily (normally mice move at the speed of light), and since it was acting unresponsive, I thought it was infected with mouse poison, since my friend uses it.
 I know that the mouse will probably die, but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison?
 I just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .
 Without knowing the exact poison, no.
 A common one is arsenic and there really isn't a way to cure that.
 Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep.
 Or, you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals.
 A quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it's head.
 Crayola Air- Dry Clay?
 Ok.
 So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
 She loves giraffes and homemade things!
 I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
 I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air-Dry Clay.
 I have sculpted the giraffe laying down.
 The key is...I have a few problems:
 1. I tested it out by making a figure boat
 And after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile!
 (like VERY not in a good way)
 Is there any way to strengthen it?
 2. What kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe?
 3. Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln?
 air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint
 taking young cat with me for a week out of state?
 good idea?
 i have a 3-4 month old kitten and i live in forida.
 i am going to my grandmas in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia.
 My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside.
 she is also good in a carrier.
 Should i bring her?
 if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside?
 thanks
 We took our cat Mitten camping.
 He loved it.
 But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats).
 He was trained to a harness/leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside.
 If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan, you may have a problem taking her.
 NO!
 changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed, mean, sick, or will not want to be around you.
 What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet?
 What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie.
 Would pledge be ok?
 If not, what is?
 Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they don't require cleaner.
 If you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated.
 I have had parakeets for a VERY long time, and I use pledge.
 Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate.
 I agree w the answer from Nothing.
 Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water will work fine.
 Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent.
 I use Miracle Cloth, they're fantastic, just don't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their "grabbing" ability.
 http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird.
 RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid...?
 I didn't get to read the answers lol :(
 I'm not gonna say who, they are on now.
 I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha
 LOL Callum
 nononononono
 its definitely not you.
 no
 Its not any of you lol
 i emailed you saaaaaam.
 I don't know.
 how did you know.
 it's not me is it!?
 I'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:
 iguzwhat lol
 whoooooo?
 sorry but i can't help my stupidity =(
 EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me....i think we all know who she's talking about...
 EDIT: now i'm curious...
 EDIT: How did I know...
 lol they really aren't that much worse than me
 and their gpa was better than mine....
 can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go dongle init?
 i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall?
 thanks people
 Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere.
 And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL.
 There won't be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital.
 But word of advice if you're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like DELL, Acer, Asus, eMachines etc.
 just a heads up.
 yes of course you can....
 I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here
 If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question.
 How do I take care of my newborn baby fish?
 I am nervous that my other fish will eat them, and I don't know what to feed them!
 I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank.
 You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish (also the parents) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten.
 Feed the babies 3-4 times a day with flakes.
 Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc in the tank.
 Its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded.
 Look in the pet stores for "fry food" or "baby fish foods".
 what kind of newborn fish you have?
 some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes
 I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly!
 Please HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you can?
 TEN POINTS!!!!!!!!!!?
 Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now.
 & I wanna know what food has the game pieces.
 And what food has EXTRA game pieces.
 Because Large Fries give you FOUR PIECES!
 When most of the food or drinks I got only included two!
 So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD!
 PLEASE!!!!!!
 The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!!!
 PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!
 THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
 scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
 http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/Main/Gameboard
 4 Peels:
 - 20 piece Chicken McNuggets
 - Large fries
 2 Peels:
 - Big Mac
 - 10 piece Chicken McNuggets
 - Medium Fountain Drink
 - McCAFE Drink
 - Filet-O-Fish
 - Hash Browns
 - Egg McMuffin, Sausage
 - Fruit & Maple Oatmeal
 bearded dragon spikes?
 bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard.
 or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them
 becca is right .
 iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time.. they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft.
 they use them to look prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know i wouldnt.
 they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur holding them to tight :)
 Theyre not really hard.
 Beardies are actually quite delicate.
 I'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies.
 they dont hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them.
 Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me fly”.
 Let’s get this over with now…
 THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more, anywhere, it’s an online dating scam."
 http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
 "THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE!!
 Please remember: there is NO such thing.
 There is NO such requirement, in any country of the world.
 This is an invention of the scammers. "
 A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
 Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending money.
 This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity
 Contact the Anti-Fraud Centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
 No.
 BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS.
 100% SCAM.
 cut of all contact and tighten up your PC security.
 There is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"-this is 100% a scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all contact with this person-they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be.
 The below site from the US government verifies this-it's the same for Canada ,too.....
 http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
 How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce?
 i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate
 He's the issue, you are trying to "Make" them mate.
 This is like trying to Make 2 people get married.
 It doesn't work.
 First you need a compatible pair.
 Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other, so there is hope there.
 Then the need to be mature, that is, old enough, and big enough to breed.
 This may be around 1/2 of their full adult size, probably 4-5" for those guys.
 Then the environment.
 Large tank, no annoying tankmates, perfect water conditons and really good feeding.
 The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them.
 Get that right, and they will mate when THEY are ready.
 You can't MAKE them mate, you can only encourage them.
 Ian
 Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed.
 Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other.
 Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days.
 The tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in.
 The p H should be 6.5-7.
 Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 days.
 Then add the other mate.
 They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
 When the males aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn.
 The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them.
 Turn the water temp up to 82 degrees
 Please help with my cats bladder issue?
 I have a 1 1/2 year old female calico.
 When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney.
 Recently she has been peeing A LOT.
 I'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some.
 She is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath.
 I don't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it's getting to be an issue.
 I have to scrub the floor 2-3 times a week now.
 What could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first?
 I love her and want to help her but I don't know when I'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help.
 First of all, I am very sorry to hear you're having this issue with your cat. :(
 Frequent urination is a sign of several things.
 Bladder or Urinary tract infections are two common ones, but these usually are frequent visits, with small amounts of urine being passed.
 If there is blood in the urine, or the cat seems to be in pain, then that is also a good indicator.
 But your cat is passing a LOT of urine, and this is bad.
 Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure.
 Signs of this can be hard to spot, and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet.
 Vomiting, bad breath, and listlessness.
 Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream.
 I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her.
 In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her.
 I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.
 I got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement.?
 Can i apply with 63 points?
 According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states "Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing."
 HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that "The current pass mark is 67.
 The pass mark could change.
 You should check for updated information on a regular basis."
 The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency.
 And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once.
 Unfortunately, both minimums were above my score.
 But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident.
 So keep checking at least on a weekly basis.
 GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
 Here is what they posted there
 "4. May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points?"
 "If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in Canada, the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points."
 Read the full answer at that web page for conditions.
 Sure you can apply.
 The points system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates.
 Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points.
 Go ahead, send in your application.
 NOTE to BEN .
 67 is the minimum score, anything below that is filed in the "circular file basket ".
 Why have a "minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?
 Jim B
 Toronto.
 I'm mad and don't know what to do!
 Please help!?
 Alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it.
 (I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again) so I fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida!!!
 I got so excited!!!!
 It said it was in January but still!!!!
 So I kept reading and then I saw the dates, it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday. :(
 then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates.
 (we live in Pennsylvania btw) I'm mad and upset now!
 Don't get me wrong I want to go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously.
 We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days.
 ****sigh**** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really!
 Can someone please make me feel better about this trip!!!!
 A least your going.!
 Enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all.!
 and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go. :D
 Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it.
 At least you get to go to Florida in JANUARY.
 And, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family.
 "Nothing Gold Can Stay", honey.
 Enjoy it while you can, and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time.
 If they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember?
 Hope you have a crapload of fun!
 (In a good way...)
 What is Italian High Renaissance?
 Have a look at this, it may help.
 1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe.
 The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt.
 Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century.
 The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages.
 These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages.
 2)The expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance.
 The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V.
 This term was first used in German (Hochrenaissance) in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the "High Style" of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann.
 [1] Over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic works.
 [2]
 Hope it helps!
 I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time, what should I expect?
 I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything.
 do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport?
 I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa.
 do you have to go through a medical exam right away?
 drug test?
 blood test?
 or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates?
 i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its a routine thing when entering another country.
 I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute- which I really don't have the money for.
 I'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly.
 An American passport should get you right into the country, there is no need for a VISA, for six months.
 There is no medical exam or blood test or others like that.
 You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice.
 http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
 Above is the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information.
 It is free.
 I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K.
 You should be fine with just a passport, unless you're staying longer than six months.
 You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though.
 I am not sure how well you planned this trip.
 You'll have a great time, so no worries there.
 I visited London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews so far, and I was treated very well and with great kindness.
 Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated, and you'll be fine.
 That tactic never failed me.
 What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female?
 i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
 if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks?
 A Sussex crossed with Silkie would make a crossbred *mutt* chicken.
 There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie, so the offspring would vary in appearance.
 You don't say what color Silkie or Sussex you are dealing with so I can't say what color your chicks would be likely to be.
 However, I can say what features they would/could have.
 Feather Type.
 Silkies have hookless feathers.
 Sussexs have soft feathers.
 All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers, as hookless feathers are a recessive gene.
 Skin Color: Silkies have black skin color, which is dominate.
 Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate.
 Either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene.
 Skin will be darker but lighter then the Silkies.
 Beards/Muffs: If your Silkie has a beard/muff the offspring could have a beard as well, as these genes are incomplete dominate.
 Feathered Feet/Shanks- Chicks could have feathered feet/shanks as this is also incomplete dominate.
 Crest: Chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene.
 Comb Type: Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types (Rose and Pea) single is also there, but is recessive.
 So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird.
 Five Toes: Silkies have five toes.
 Sussex have four toes.
 Crossed together (five toes is incompletely dominate) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both, or even one foot.
 Silkie crosses are great birds, and very neat looking.
 Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the Silkies.
 Best wishes,
 Jamie/RhodeRunner
 I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000.
 What do you think of these photos?
 http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 (see links above).
 What do you think of these photos?
 The lighting was not the best, but the pics turned out ok in my opinion.
 deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers... i refer to my previous answer:
 you need to learn about white balance, composition, angle, and work on using the camera properly...
 [edit - and she most be very new to modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses)
 lol, he has posted this so many times today already.
 clearly hes mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it's NOT his gf
 Not bad, but too many distracting elements for my taste.
 For example:
 In the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot.
 There are also some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left.
 In the standing photo (from the front) there is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord.
 In the shot from the back, the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet.
 Compositionally, this one is not my favorite, I would suggest trying a different crop because I dont think cutting her off at the calf looks great.
 I do like the shadow, though.
 My suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements.
 Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements.
 In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin.
 For example, some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter, feeding mainly in spring and fall.
 It's natural and so long as you don't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.
 You see, some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food.
 They're fit and healthy and their care is suitable.
 hope this helped.
 That's why it's good to have a python!
 It's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month.
 are my two cats fighting or playing?
 how rough is too rough?
 help!?
 i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten.
 the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that.
 the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing(chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other).
 only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine.
 were they roughhouse playing?
 or were they actually fighting?
 he has been "biting" at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a little to far that one time.
 any answers help!!!!!!
 you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough.
 you need to do that for a least a week, or else this type of territorial fighting will happen.
 giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared.
 right now, your male is fighting off an intruder, and he feels that all of the house is his.
 put her back in the room, and keep the door closed for a week.
 then let her out for ten minutes.
 make it fifteen the next day, then twenty, and so on.
 this will do two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territory.
 she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she doesn't now.
 she knows she is invading someone else's territory, but can't help it, and has no where to go.
 she will be able to sleep without being afraid.
 as well, your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened.
 when the door opens, he will get that the one room is hers, and he will be OK with that.
 the territory thing will be solved.
 your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey.
 this is not good.
 give them time to set up their territories, and once you bring the new kitten out, pay a lot of attention to the male.
 you have brought someone else into his territory, and he needs to be reminded that you still love him, and support his claim to his space.
 that will help to reassure him, and he will be less aggressive with her.
 when they play fight, they don't hiss.
 if they hiss, they are not playing.
 if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them, and you must keep an eye on them.
 hissing is OK, unless they start to fight.
 if that happens, separate them, and give them time apart.
 putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid, and she will relax.
 good luck!
 A hiss is basically a "get the f*ck away" sound.
 It means they've gone too far.
 When they start bleeding that means they're really fighting.
 If they're going kinda slow and like fake biting (not biting as hard as they can), and fake scratching (not hitting as hard as they can with their paws) then they're playing.
 I have two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial, but now they do fight and play.
 The difference is when the cat hisses, that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away.
 That means they are fighting.
 When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing.
 I can see how you get confused though. :)
 What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive?
 When Johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half-million troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam.
 He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years (before the next election in 1968).
 He did not give them the number of troops they requested.
 This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency.
 Thing is, it worked.
 The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement), they were being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light infantry) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA).
 When the Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the US firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia.
 All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE being defeated.
 However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases.
 He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military advisers.
 The Communists agreed.
 They could not defeat the Americans.
 However, what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations.
 The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN, cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
 THAT WAS THE PLAN.
 What happened?
 The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas.
 The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked.
 Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue.
 The government did NOT fall.
 And the South Vietnamese people?
 When give the ultimate choice, they rallied…
 TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT….
 Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists.
 They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit.
 The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it.
 All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces.
 But Johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
 Instead he pulled the military off, stopped the bombing of North Vietnam, withdrew from the presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam.
 They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it.
 The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding).
 In the end Nixon kept his promise for “…peace with honor….”
 But that’s another question.
 To emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
 To make the war unpalatable to the American public.
 In that, they pretty much succeeded.
 Before Tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing the VC and NVA.
 Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight.
 There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap.
 Try google to find the title if you would like to read it.
 Bearded dragon question...?
 I just bought a baby one yesterday.
 I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him.
 My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs?
 I also was wondering how long should this light be on.
 The lady at pet smart said 4 hours, but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours.
 He's getting used to his new home, but hasn't eatin yet.
 I have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried crickets.
 Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
 Thank you for your time.
 Let me try to break this down as simply as I can: diurnal (active during the day time) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of "light," UVA, UVB, and heat.
 Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA, including heat bulbs, that's the easy one to provide for.
 UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source.
 UVB will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a MVB (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both UVB and heat from one bulb.
 I highly recommend that you do not use coiled/compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time.
 The long tube UVB bulbs are best, like Zoomed's Repsitun model: http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ Remember to replace UVB bulbs according to the manufacturers recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB even if visible light still is.
 So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs.
 You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting.
 The person at Petsmart is very wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info.
 UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day.
 Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source; you need to offer live feeder insects.
 Bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response, especially when they are babies.
 Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried.
 Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubia, are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded.
 Wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items, for variety's sake.
 I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly:
 http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
 http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
 mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in..atleast as far as i'm concerned.
 if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day.
 either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven.
 as to what the light provides it gives UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans.
 That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates... sheesh.
 Yes, it gives him the "sun rays" necessary, that's what UVA is.
 And it should be on 10-12 hours, just like the sun would be up for 10-12 hours in his natural environment.
 As for the heat, just be sure to use a thermometer.
 Also, Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the freeze-dried crickets or the processed food.
 I tell all my customers they can try it, but don't count on it.
 Also try green leafy veggies, like kale and spinach.
 Best of luck!
 Is a finch or a parakeet better?
 I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering : which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does !
 Please help me!
 oh and please say y one is better thx!!!!!!
 Hi there,
 Please choose the parakeet...
 Heres my reason.....
 I did the same thing that you did for christmas.
 I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas.
 At first it was all cool and all.
 They were chirping and doing their every day business.
 After a couple of weeks I got tired of them.
 They are quite messy and you cannot hold or pet them.
 Ive tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed.
 They dont want to be held or touched.
 I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks.
 I still have them and they are doing well.
 A couple of months after I got parakeets/budgies.
 They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality.
 I love them.
 First of all they are very tame.
 I tamed them in 4 days.
 They can do tricks and they arent messy.
 The whole family loves them.
 My parents even plays with them.
 They are a big part of our family.
 I hope this helps you with your decision.
 They are both about the same noise level.
 When choosing a parakeet look for a young one.
 (the younger the eaiser to tame) Look for clean smooth feathers, beak, and clean vent feathers (the feathers around the butt..dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy) Look for a dark eye with no circles (the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes).
 Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird.
 the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older.
 (think of a balding man lol) Look for clean feathers.
 If you want a boy the cere (the nostrils piece above the beak) must be blue.
 The girl has either pink or brown.
 I would recommend that you get two parakeets.
 But get either one male and one female, or two males.
 Do not get two females.
 They sometimes dont get along (you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend to fight a lot.
 I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy.
 They are the best!
 If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them.
 However if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they need company.
 My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results.
 It took me 4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out of my hand.
 These are the steps I used.
 Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets.
 Hopefully they will work for you.
 1) When you get the bird, place him or her or them in the cage.
 Leave them in there with food and water and such for about 2 hours.
 2) Then place you hand in the cage.
 I took the cage and place it next to the couch.
 Then I sat on the couch, placed one hand in the cage, holding a millet spray.
 (this way the will associate your hand with food, and birds love food lol) Then I turned on the tv and watch.
 This way they will see that your hand is good and its not going to grab them or hurt them.
 Do this for about one hour.
 (you can take breaks if you have too) and repeat the steps after about 2 hours.
 3) After about day 2, they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand.
 (do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will associate you as the person who takes away their food)....
 Then take your finger and place it under their belly, in front of their feet and say up.
 Push you finger to their feet gently and say up.
 ( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get used to you) They will have no choice but to go on your finger.
 When they see that you arnt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up.
 4) If they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying.
 Do not hit, yell, or harm them.
 You have patience.
 i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills.
 the economy is down and when enron collapses, the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt.
 not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks .
 can't go to anymore lsu games unless i get a free ticket.
 Since work has gone to hell, I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl (if Rohan "Alabama" Davey shows up for the next 3 games.)
 However, do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season.
 http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16473
 http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16475
 http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsunotes08.html
 http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/secnotes08.html
 http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsufoe08.html
 i have stronger will than you think.
 house of pies here i come.
 i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action.
 why is enron blowing up?
 i didn't want you to go.
 i was just going to sleep anyway.
 i was too tired to give you any action.
 enron is blowing up.
 Vince,
 We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction, now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market.
 Further to my voicemail, our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the PSE swap.
 They are currently using 9.5% fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility.
 Volatility of USD/DM has been in the range of between 7% and 11%.
 Can one of your research staff justify a suitable 20 year volalatility number for USD/Euro.
 Ideally, we would like a fast turnaround.
 In addition, is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $/euro exchange rate.
 The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too.
 Grateful for any help or suggestions you could provide.
 Sid
 Vincent,
 I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston.
 I enjoyed your presentations very much.
 I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model.
 Thank you.
 Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly, Inc. (202) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street, N.W. (202) 296-3858 facsimile Washington, D.C. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
 Andrew Edison@ENRON
 06/02/2001 10:53 AM
 I have settled the Ecogas/Enron/Randy Maffett lawsuit.
 No need to thank me,just send me gifts.
 Seriously, I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $53,000.
 Hall has agreed to release Enron, Ecogas, Maffett and every affiliate, related party and subsidiary.
 He will also release any and all patent issues.
 The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well.
 I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement.
 Please handle.
 Becky Stephens@ENRON
 06/12/2000 10:20 AM
 Richard, below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00.
 Please verify receipt at your earliest convenience.
 Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices.
 Holland & Hart, LLP; #432785 dated 4/14/00
 Michael L. Beatty & Associates, PC; #10461, #10469 & #10468 dated 5/28/00.
 Becky A. Stephens Litigation Unit, Enron Corp. 713/853-5025 EB4809
 I am on board.
 If the PX comes back again, I will call their in-house attys.
 Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate
 06/04/2001 05:54 PM
 Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well?
 We are renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders.
 However, the request below is to "replenish" the CASH that was drawn down...please advise.
 I agree with Steve's position stated in his separate e'mail.
 Don't give these guys a penny.
 ----cgy
 Tracy, Do we have concerns here.
 We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit.
 By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available?
 Sara,
 Attached below is Davis Thames' presentation regarding the proposed Project Bruin.
 I will forward the draft Bear Stearns term sheet separately.
 Paul
 Team, sorry for the delay on getting this around.
 Please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area.
 Thanks -
 Davis
 Clint:
 I spoke with Mike Collins [203-719-8385 (phone) and 203-719-7031 (fax)] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5+million remaining shares.
 Please return an executed copy of confirm to me.
 Thanks.
 sara
 My assistant Joanne Rozycki has cell, car numbers to reach me.
 I'll be back on Monday.
 Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX 77002 Ph: (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490
 Thanks.
 SS
 Sara,
 Currently we have a blank "sample" for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for (a) US Corporate, (b) Hedge Funds, (c) Municipal.
 I will extract the one for the US corporate Paragraph 13 and email to your contact @ First Union Securities.
 The sample includes our "caveat", so it should be fine.
 Susan
 Susan:
 While Tanya is reviewing credit, can you please send a "blank form Paragraph 13" for this master.
 Just our standard.
 Caveat: subject to credit review even though there are blanks.
 Thanks.
 Sara
 First Union Securities, Inc.
 Hi Sara,
 I just wanted to follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft Credit Support Annex (similar in form to the one previously executed with ENA).
 I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime.
 Thanks and regards,
 Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President Equity Derivatives First Union Securities, Inc. Telephone: (212) 909-0951 Facsimile: (212) 891-5042 email: vijay.suchdev@funb.com <mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com>
 Michael Olsen@ENRON
 12/07/2000 02:29 PM
 Daren,
 I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process.
 Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole.
 I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy, so now may not be the best time to be in your way.
 But let me know if I can spend a day, morning, or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time.
 I think it will help me very much in my role.
 Thanks.
 Mike
 The new fixed price deal with Equistar is #365013.
 D
 Daren
 We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000/d at meter # 1552 QE-1 @ $4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is?
 Thanks
 Melissa,
 I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th.
 Daren
 August 11,2000
 Teco Tap 108.333 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
 LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron
 August 12, 2000
 Teco Tap 85.000 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
 LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron
 August 13, 2000
 Teco Tap 32.500 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron
 I'm working hard for you!
 Now at 83.5.
 I need a new lawnmower, so I'll try to bump it up a little more.
 Hope you're doing good.
 D
 ???
 KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
 ?
 WE AT HOME LOVE IT AT $80+++
 ?
 KEN
 These have been sold.
 Geoff,
 Thanks for the pictures.
 Looks like the kids had a great time!
 I hope you don't mind, but I've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday.
 If you want to pass this web site address along to other folks, feel free.
 If you want a CD copy of this web site, give me a yell.
 Thanks,
 Ram Tackett, (mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net) Owner, Abacus Technologies 17611 Loring Lane, Spring, TX 77388-5746 (281)651-7106;Fax(281)528-8636 Web: http://www.abacustech.net
 - Ram Tackett (E-mail).vcf 4222
 Debra Perlingiere
 Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction.
 Debra Perlingiere
 Are you free for lunch some day this week?
 Also, I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go?
 The game is at 12:Sat @ Compaq Center.
 Would love for you to join us.
 I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ.
 Debra Perlingiere
 Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed.
 I am sending you a version with comments.
 dp
 Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements?
 As we're getting more and more of those agreements, I'd like to add a template in Global Contracts.
 Thanks!
 Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net Works, LLC - Global Contracts Stacey.Richardson@enron.com (713) 853-0569 Office (713) 646-2495 Fax (713) 710-6084 Pager
 Today is good 12:30 ?
 Cafeteria is fine.
 I'm free any day but Tuesday.
 I better pass on the Comets game.
 My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting.
 Thank you though.
 Are you free for lunch today.
 I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables.
 Let me know if you are interested.
 Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal, EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address: janette.elbertson@enron.com
 Are you free for lunch some day this week?
 Also, I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go?
 The game is at 12:Sat @ Compaq Center.
 Would love for you to join us.
 I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ.
 Debra Perlingiere
 ok call me
 Maybe 12:15?
 Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal, EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address: janette.elbertson@enron.com
 Today is good 12:30 ?
 Cafeteria is fine.
 I'm free any day but Tuesday.
 I better pass on the Comets game.
 My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting.
 Thank you though.
 Are you free for lunch today.
 I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables.
 Let me know if you are interested.
 Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal, EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address: janette.elbertson@enron.com
 Move-Team@ENRON
 09/20/2000 03:22 PM
 Sent by: John Salinardo@ENRON
 it is to late for me to add changes.
 We will have to correct them after the churn.
 Thank you for you patience.
 The Dow topped out in February of 1966 at 995.
 By September of that year the Dow had tumbled to 744.
 The Dow then rallied to a high of 943 in September of '67.
 By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825, only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in December of '68.
 The Dow then sank to 631 in December of '70.
 By April of '71 the Dow had climbed back to 950, only to fall to 869 in February of '72.
 A big rally then took the Dow (unconfirmed) to a record high of 1051 in January of '73, turning everyone bullish.
 But by December of '73 the Dow had collapsed to 788.
 Think that was bad - by December of '74 the Dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577.
 At that time, the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism.
 Of course, that was the bottom
 And that's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down.
 By late 1974 investors were dizzy, they were desperate, they were wrung-out, they had left Wall Street, many for good.
 great, we look forward to seeing you.
 DEBRA PERLINGIERE
 09/20/2000 09:32 AM
 I will not be there at 7:30, but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday.
 Many thanks!
 Debra Perlingiere
 Edward Terry
 09/08/2000 09:55 AM
 FYI,
 Per the memo, ENA's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588 mmbtu!!!!!!
 Robert D Morgan
 09/08/2000 09:36 AM
 The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months.
 As we have discussed....effective Sep 13th, Anita will make the adjustments to Enron's inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th results.
 I talked with Gary Wilson, and he confirmed that the revised values are correct.
 Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values.
 The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections.
 The results of the February 26th test reduces the working gas by 398,487MMBTU.
 In addition, there is a reduction of 22,101MMBTU which is the difference between the SCADA values (Best Available) that Anita showed on the February 29th Storage Sheet and the "official" February 29th values that Gary Wilson received from MIPS.
 To summarize: Enron's pad gas will now be 3,993,310MMBTU, instead of 4,223,000MMBTU.
 Enron's working gas will be reduced by 420,588MMBTU.
 Call me if there are any questions.
 fyi
 yeah i got yelled at also.
 i tried to say i wasn't that drunk but z wasn't having any of that conversation.
 she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing.
 then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once.
 she said that was ok.
 Did you get in as much trouble as I did this weekend - Lori seems to think I need to get help - I told her it's normal to drink all day at a bar, then go to dinner where you don't know half the people there and proceed to get extremely fucked up
 *******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************
 Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.
 If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone.
 In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email.
 Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.
 Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it.
 Job ID: J12746KM
 Job Title: Attorney
 Location: Houston, Texas USA
 Compensation: $60000 - 70000
 Description:
 Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense.
 They offer an exceptional compensation package including a healthy salary, comprehensive benefits program, and ample room for associates to grow within the firm.
 KM
 Requirements:
 You'll be able to use your 1-4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm.
 Company:
 Marvel Consultants, Inc. 28601 Chagrin Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44122 USA Email: recruiters@marvelconsultants.com <mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com> Phone: 216-292-2855 Fax: 216-292-7207
 thanks
 I've thought about you a few times in the last few months, didn't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions.
 I'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE.
 I wish I had the capital to open my own shop?
 there will be talent and opportunity a plenty on the market soon.
 I'll ask around?
 I've got some friends at Duke and Dynegy from B-school, the Gianoucous (spelling??) brothers (John and Dimitri?from elementary school) started their own outfit a while back, and my old man is at Schlumberger and has good contacts in general (if you aren't married to a trading environment).
 Give me a few days, and I'll be in touch.
 Michael
 you guys have any job opening for ex natural gas traders that made their now almost defunctc ompany over 40 million in the last two years?
 not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i'm checking out my options!
 Rodgers
 As we discussed, here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter.
 I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind.
 Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly.
 Thanks
 Elizabeth 36349
 see you there at 4:00 unless I call you
 Mark E Haedicke
 Sent by: Janette Elbertson
 02/28/2001 03:16 PM
 Please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses.
 Please be brief!
 Mark E Haedicke
 Sent by: Janette Elbertson
 02/28/2001 04:41 PM
 Please update the attached Legal Risk Report.
 Send the revised report by e-mail.
 Thank you.
 Mike Curry
 11/14/2000 11:37 AM
 With Elizabeth's comments added to summary...
 yuk.
 so sorry to have to cancel
 that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up
 don't they know we have better things to do
 here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving
 sorry again
 per my vm
 John Lamb@ENRON
 11/15/2000 11:58 AM
 Attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made in support of EPMI's obligations under the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement ("PPA") and Green Premium Sharing Agreement ("GSPA").?
 The guaranty for the PPA is blacklined against the Enron EPC Contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our Cabazon Wind Power Project (the project most recently financed by EWC) and the GPSA guaranty is blacklined against the PPA guaranty.
 As we discussed last week, since the Enron guaranties will need to be in a form that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants, we thought that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that was negotiated by Enron and the banks.
 We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller's obligations under the PPA.
 We will forward the draft of that guaranty to you later today.
 Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions concerning the attached guaranties.
 Thank you.
 - PPA Guaranty.doc
 - GPSA Guaranty.doc
 - REDLINE GPSA Guaranty.doc
 - REDLINE PPA Guaranty.doc
 ?
 Sheila Tweed
 03/26/2001 08:58 PM
 Mary Hain
 03/23/2001 12:24 PM
 I am going to be the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on April 9, 2001.
 My last day in the Portland area will be March 31, 2001.
 I enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything.
 My new address will be: Mary Hain Senior Regulatory Counsel ISO New England Inc.One Sullivan Road Holyoke, MA 01040-2841 (413) 535-4000 mhain@ISO-NE.com
 Mark
 Here is a revised draft of the CDWR risk memo.
 Events change everyday.
 This morning's paper reports that a rate increase of 40% may be imposed by the CDWR as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 billion (rather than the 10 initially discussed)
 Mark
 As we discussed, here is a copy of the draft memo.
 Thanks
 Elizabeth 36349
 see you there on court 10
 ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call
 Here is latest draft of risk memo (STILL IN DRAFT FORM).
 I faxed comments to you on dash.
 Do you have any current info on deal status?
 Thanks
 Elizabeth 36349
 Vince,
 Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday?
 Frank
 Sheridan,
 I have just checked with RAC (David Gorte) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project.
 I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details.
 Vince
 Sheridan Titman <titman@mail.utexas.edu> on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 PM
 Vince:
 I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago.
 Perhaps, we should start with just a 1 or 2 day contract where I give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and come to Houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for additional work.
 regards,
 Sheridan
 Sheridan Titman Department of Finance College of Business Administration University of Texas Austin, Texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 (phone) 512-471-5073 (fax) titman@mail.utexas.edu
 Bryan,
 Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you?
 He looked like a great guy for your group.
 Vince
 David,
 A reminder.
 We discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with Prof. Sheridan Titman from UT.
 Any feedback from Rick Buy?
 Please, let me know.
 42299
 Vince
 Kevin Kindall@ENRON
 01/24/2001 03:51 PM
 Per our conversation yesterday...
 Hi Kevin,
 Further to your call attached is a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk Managers Conference in Edmonton in the fall of 2000.
 I'll try and send one of Peter Cox' as well but may have some problems due to file size.
 In any event, my presentation should give you a starting point.
 Mike
 - Cfoforum.ppt
 Darrell,
 Thanks a lot.
 A quick question: we haven't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews.
 Please, make sure that we are billed.
 Clewlow/Strickland book is out.
 I shall send you a copy today.
 Vince
 Darrell Duffie <duffie@Stanford.EDU> on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 PM
 Please respond to Darrell Duffie <duffie@Stanford.EDU>
 Vince/ Taiichi
 In case you are interested, I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling.
 Best,
 Darrell
 _____________________________________________
 Darrell Duffie mail GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
 _____________________________________________
 - Paper4.pdf
 Al,
 I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested.
 Even if we cannot help you here in Enron, he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town.
 Please, call him directly and give my name as a reference.
 (713) 853-7408
 Good luck.
 Vince
 Vince J Kaminski
 01/24/2001 11:21 AM
 Al,
 I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail.
 Vince
 Al Arfsten <arfsten@bflassociates.com> on 01/24/2001 11:16:25 AM
 Vince:
 Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed.
 I hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level.
 The design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the effort might be.
 Enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished.
 Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated.
 I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate.
 Best regards,
 Al Arfsten 713 965 2158
 Martin,
 No problem.
 Please, ask Stinson as well.
 Vince
 I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background, he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well.
 Would this be fine?
 Thanks,
 Martin
 We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders.
 Once we get the word from Lavo we'll let you know.
 Thanks
 KK
 Kam,
 Are there any new developments in the trader world?
 We still have the traders and books that you provided last week, but need to know if there are any changes to this.
 Please let us know if you need a change so that the deals will bridge with the correct books.
 Thanks,
 Dawn
 Hey,
 I am going to have to miss your wedding.
 Unfortunately, I will be in Plano that weekend.
 I wish I could make it.
 What's going on with the UBS weather position?
 Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better?
 Talk to you soon,
 Kam
 Hey guys,
 I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding.
 If you would be so kind, could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days?
 For those of you who already sent us an RSVP response recently, please disregard.
 Thanks for your help!
 Jeff
 WT Cal has been added.
 Could you run those additional post-id's?
 There are deals in the Aruba book so I'm not sure why you aren't picking those up.
 The deals are listed below.
 Thanks
 EY4096.1 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 6,363,217 -$ 250,393
 EY4096.3 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 202,989 $ 195,610
 EY4096.4 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 F 0 $ 31,180
 EY4096.7 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -6,363,217 -$ 55,678
 EY4106.6 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -1,993,045 -$ 32,387
 EY4106.7 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 1,993,045 -$ 43,548
 EY4106.9 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 27,886 $ 27,361
 EY4108.E PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 12,514,373 -$ 265,932
 EY4108.F PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 112,610 $ 110,555
 EY4108.H PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -2,239,879 -$ 36,398
 EY4108.I PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -10,274,494 -$ 166,960
 Thanks
 As seen below,
 Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather than the EWS DPR 2002 file to send to Chris.
 The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF's.
 Thanks
 Kam
 could you also CC me the first few times you send it?
 While our established schedules of Tuesday and Friday DPR's would have us reporting tomorrow's activity on Monday, we will change that for month end.
 Please email the January 31st DPR information for your respective groups to my attention by noon on Friday.
 You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR.
 All p&l and PRMA numbers should be in $'000's.
 Starting in February, you will be able to export the data, as opposed to using the spreadsheets.
 Thanks,
 Chris Abel Manager, Risk Controls Global Risk Operations chris.abel@enron.com <mailto:chris.abel@enron.com> 713.853.3102
 Kristen,
 Attached are all live financial deals by risk type.
 As you can see, the price data is too large to fit into one tab.
 After tomorrow, I will no longer have access to the estate files.
 Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward.
 Thanks
 Kam
 Ed,
 Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate.
 After this weekend, we will no longer have access to the estate files, these people will be able to help you with any of your questions.
 We will still be around to assist them if needed.
 Thanks
 KK
 Here you go...
 AC
 Sanjeev,
 I should have a list of post-id's for you by 4:30 today.
 After friday, I will no longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it.
 Let me know if that doesn't seem possible.
 Thanks
 Kam
 Hi I´m from Brazil and I want to know of book 06.
 Is good or bad?
 what's your opinion?
 kisses
 leli
 its good.
 u must read it.
 pairing up of harry and ginny is cool
 Its awesome- better than book 5
 An orphaned, two-month old African elephant named Olly received an extremely uplifting Christmas present this year: an airplane ride just for him, courtesy of the International Fund for Animal Welfare and their friends 'The Bateleurs'.
 Animal News Center Webmaster
 Hello,
 We have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on Astrology & Palmistry and everything in between including Gemology, Feng Shui/Vaastu Shastra.
 We look forward to your active participation to make this forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals.
 Regards
 Swetha
 Play your CD's, 8-tracks, reel to reels, cassettes, vinyl 33/45's, and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp, you'll get a big eye opener !
 complete with original Magnavox tubes- all tubes have been tested they are all good- stereo amp
 Heterosexuals increasingly back gay marriage
 By Deb Price / The Detroit News
 Deb Price
 When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice, his wife of 35 years, one special ingredient might surprise you: Double-dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay.
 *
 Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar, up above the world so high, sun has risen in the sky, uthke jaldi pee le chai, then call me up and say "HI"
 **
 Good Morning* *
 Have a Nice Day* **
 **
 --
 Thanks and Regard
 Rajendra
 rajendra.o...@gmail.com
 image_gif_part
 81K Download
 I just finish reading a really good book (it was actually a ebook) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra.
 The story had brillant battle scenes, lovable heroes and villians, a compelling story line, and it left me dying for the next part of the series:) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
 Email: Roving Mouse <s...@tack.net>
 Groups: alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, talk.politics.animals
 Followup-To: alt.animals
 You will always find fascinating links at: Extreme Web Surfs http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ (nice urban wildlife post today) & Me and the Web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ Arts, History,Animals, Music,Games ,Politics,Technology, Fun and more!
 ..
 Email: franz371...@gmail.com
 WE HAVE A DATE FOR THE RELEASE OF RAGNAROK ONLINE 2 (beta anyway)September 16-18, this was announced by Gravity CEO Kim Jung-Ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i don't want to take someone's credit's i got it here^^GameSpot
 By the way we now have a "forum" in the post link
 Reply
 Email: "Ian"<ian.gilb...@btinternet.com>
 Groups: alt.animals.cat
 We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on-line donation to the charity.
 Please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk
 PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our 'Homes Wanted' page
 Thanks for looking
 Ian - Webmaster www.southbhamcats.org.uk
 Key Delhi blast suspect arrested
 Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month's deadly bomb blasts in the city.
 Delhi police chief KK Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar, and said police were hunting for four accomplices.
 He said Mr Dar, 33, was arrested in Indian-administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar-e-Toiba militant group.
 The India Diaries
 I like the way Otto Jespersen (in 'Language: Its Nature, Development and Origin') aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with one of the theories of the Manchester School of Economics:
 'Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds if only no artificial hindrances are put in the way of free exchange, for demand and supply will regulate everything better than any Government would be able to.'
 Portia
 This is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea.
 And a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database.
 So be sure to get your pet's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue, make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site.
 Best,
 Cindy
 "...there is no companion quite so devoted, so communicative, so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat."
 ~CGoehring
 Email: Anthony Beavers <CognitiveScienceN...@gmail.com>
 Inhibitory Systems Control the Pattern of Activity in the Cortex
 "Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex, which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation, according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron....
 The findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude, extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks, but also the precise timing of action potentials, and, thus, network synchronization..."
 --
 Posted by Anthony Beavers to Cognitive Science News at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 AM
 Email: "engin i. erdem"<erdemen...@gmail.com>
 **
 *Worldwatch Projects Catastrophe Will Be Most Costly Weather-Related Disaster in History*
 *Washington, D.C.-*
 The overwhelming human and financial impacts of Hurricane Katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the United States and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a healthy resource base, according to an assessment released today by the Worldwatch Institute.
 Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature.
 According to many scientists, the early results of global warming—90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels—may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina.
 *...*
 http://reflectioncafe.blogspot.com/2005/09/unnatural-disasterthe-less...
 Email: n3td3v <xploita...@gmail.com>
 n3td3v saw this story on BBC News Online and thought you should see it.
 ** Google defies US over search data **
 Web giant Google is resisting an attempt by the US to force it to reveal what users are searching for.
 < http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/em/fr/-/1/hi/technology/4630694.stm>
 ** BBC Daily E-mail **
 Choose the news and sport headlines you want - when you want them, all in one daily e-mail
 < http://www.bbc.co.uk/dailyemail/>
 ** Disclaimer **
 The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail, and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC's views or opinions.
 Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender have been verified.
 If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC's Email a Friend service, please read our frequently asked questions.
 http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/help/4162471.stm
 [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=624569&section=news]
 With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago (from the economic summit), President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies in Santiago.
 The talk of the day besides a more level playing field with China was North Korea.
 China has been a great help at getting North Korea to the table and Bush is hoping that with their cooperation Korea can become a nuclear free peninsula.
 REUTERS/Jason Reed
 U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago.
 Bush is in Santiago for the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders meeting.
 Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our Chinese allies, but will also help fight the war on terror.
 Selah!
 --
 Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 PM
 Email: BlackBayou <BlackBa...@excite.com>
 Groups: alt.animals.cat
 I started this page to help with my boredom.
 I have Chronic Lyme disease, so I'm stuck at home.
 I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression.
 Theoretically, a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3% on £12,000 – £360.
 Meanwhile, Bank of Scotland customers earn 3% on balances of £3,000-£5,000 when they add the free Vantage option to their account.
 With this, in theory, you are able to access your money whenever you like.
 That 3% rate also applies to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £15,001-£19,999 over a period of between two and three years.
 Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth, but UK soils are naturally deficient in this essential mineral.
 Fast forward to 2016 and this is increasingly worthy of attention.
 Surprising as it may seem, even acid rain clouds can have a silver lining.
 The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self-respect to keep protesting against that fact.
 You end up listening more acutely for the next noise and getting more irritated when it comes.
 That’s just legitimately horrendous.
 It’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works, lives and breathes retro.
 I think that’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour.
 Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow, where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art.
 “I loved the tropical colours,” he says.
 “I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent,” he says.
 But, when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her, she laughs.
 Naturally, the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of food.
 Wintour herself appears briefly, and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed.
 I looked at motocross and the more I looked, this one woman’s face kept coming up, in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s.
 I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one.
 At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook.
 Their head of nature policy, Jeff Knott, stated: “I’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it”.
 The RSPB’s stance has also brought it into conflict with many leading conservationists, from the author of the petition, Mark Avery, to the TV presenter Chris Packham.
 Let’s just say he’s wrong.
 And what about Australia’s position?
 On this, one diary point in Morocco will be the middle Saturday, when developed countries get to publicly question each other about their plans and ambitions.
 “We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project,” he was quoted as saying.
 “Celtic Sea cod could collapse,” without the proposed limits, one EU official said.
 But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod, sole, plaice, megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas.
 Conservationists welcomed the commission’s announcement.
 Only 50 were marketplaces.
 “Agora was invitation-only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search,” Dr Lee adds.
 They didn’t have them in our day, and people without children express through their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting.
 I don’t call it a beast lightly.
 Day three, I was back on the EMicro.
 The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the skills needed to mount an effective defence.
 Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers, but it does not always work.
 But they can at least lay booby-traps to confuse and deter – a concept known as “active defence”.
 After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject, my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union.
 I spotted a few.
 My next stop was Bellingham, right up near the Canadian border.
 Back on the train, we continue southwards.
 A small town with two minarets glides by.
 At each station, a red-capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel-tapper walks along the train with a hammer, gently knocking the undercarriage.
 Afterwards, browse at the morning market (6.30-10am): rice lollipops, wasp cocoons (the pupae are considered a delicacy), buffalo lung, betel-nut bark and leaves, live toads and catfish.
 The intervention is potentially the most far-reaching by Beijing since the 1997 handover of Hong Kong from the UK.
 The oath involves lawmakers swearing allegiance to Hong Kong as part of the People’s Republic of China.
 The Hong Kong government, which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers, have argued that the pair should not take office.
 “Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city,” he said.
 Hong Kong, meanwhile, appears to be bracing for a wave of protests.
 He told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show: “A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants.”
 It is his dream to end his career here.
 To draw a game you have dominated is easy to brush off, but to do so three times is a row suggests a weakness.
 We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home.
 That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April.
 But right now everything is out of kilter and he seems to be seeking answers all the time.
 I also wonder whether the Davis Cup played a part.
 The annual survey also revealed that worries about taking on fresh financial burdens has rocketed.
 Ms Hopley added: “The spike in political risk should not go unnoticed.”
 News of the company’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions of euros from VW's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job.
 It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims, legal action and has seen it take more than €16bn of provisions.
 The probe began in June, focusing on Mr Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess, who remains at the car maker.
 He was promoted to chairman in October 2015, the month after the scandal was unearthed.
 Businesses had expected to start contracting in July, immediately after the Brexit vote, but instead have managed to keep growing steadily.
 Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat, and consumer services companies also grew.
 There will be limits to his ability to spend, however, as the Government is still running a substantial budget deficit.
 The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as usage increases.
 Eon’s fixed rate tariff costs £760 and Avro Energy customers would pay around £760 for its Simple and Select tariff.
 Or is it an expensive standard or prepayment tariff?
 An investor with average luck and £10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £125 in prizes per year.
 If they did, Premium Bonds would be indistinguishable from ordinary savings accounts.
 The money invested in Premium Bonds, and in other National Savings & Investments accounts, is used to help fund Government spending.
 This has not stopped investors flocking to put their money in the funds.
 It was followed by the Aviva Investors Multi Strategy Target Return and Income funds, into which investors put £2bn and £1.4bn respectively.
 This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets.
 Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth's oceans by using the waste floating around the world to make shoes.
 The consumer can boost the demand for change.
 A major report in January said oceans would contain more plastic than fish by 2050 unless the world took radical action to stop rubbish leaking into the seas.
 After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab, I have made a full recovery.
 Warning that the NHS was now under "enormous pressure," he urged the public to take more responsibility for their own health.
 Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time.
 They will play on Saturday, 10 June.
 Last year was an incredible year and I’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017.
 She started out at the RSC in the mid-Sixties playing an asylum-inmate in Marat/Sade.
 The dress is contemporary.
 Where does all her energy come from? Or that voice, which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves?
 Her neck pushes forward in vein-accentuating confrontation, her hands shake.
 But having allowed Glenda to score such a blinder, who can blame it?
 He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades.
 In theory, if done right, it’s un-detectable.
 Drop the mic.
 According to the director's own count, to date he has made eight feature films.
 "Cinema had changed so drastically that Hollywood had alienated the family audience."
 From the director's point of view, the film is a precarious balancing act, between cheery family hijinks and hard-hitting social drama.
 On one level, it works as an amiable, unpretentious heartwarmer that seems tailor-made for Sunday afternoon viewing.
 And, of course, there's Bob, a constant source of entertainment.
 The result, then, is hardly the cat's pyjamas.
 To modern audiences, most of whom will have little experience of frontline conflict, Doss’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable.
 Doss’s story also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing.
 All the medics were armed, except me.
 When Millican died, we assumed that was the last we’d see of glitchy, twitchy Odi too.
 Is series two working so far?
 “Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this, so I treated it like a drama,” Zimmer says.
 But Cotton’s dark deeds did not occur due to some sort of compulsion to kill.
 Cotton was born on October 31, 1832, in a village near Sunderland.
 Perhaps it won’t matter as I won’t be troubled long.
 No longer a throwback to the Seventies, flock – or coating a surface is material – is flying again.
 London’s landmark South Bank Tower commissioned interior designer Rachel Winham to design the show apartment.
 Of course, the tactile trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things.
 Two years later, Jutting, now 31, is on trial at Hong Kong's High Court, charged with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial.
 I don't know why I chose her ...
 In Hong Kong's High Court, two years later, Jutting appeared largely composed.
 After all, our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow.
 As a result, many people quickly open emails or mindlessly click on links and attachments with nary a thought of its consequences.
 First, we must educate people on how to protect themselves better online.
 Finally, we must make it easy for people to report suspected breaches and malicious emails.
 Voting has, in the vernacular of terror, become the new soft target.
 This is a homeland security issue of the most existential kind.
 Tuesday is all about getting out the vote, but it means nothing if a registered voter isn't on the list.
 Enough of those, in a highly contested area, will lead to chaos election day.
 North Carolina is ground zero in this election.
 Donald Trump is a pompous, arrogant, entitled person that cares about himself, and his temperament is toxic to the United States.
 More than 5.7 million Floridians have already hit the polls after about two weeks of in-person early voting.
 The GOP lead was carried by strong numbers in absentee voting, and their overall edge stood at about 16,500 earlier this week.
 It's the election, of course, not "Game of Thrones."
 Martin has yet to finish two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series, currently billed as "The Winds of Winter" and "A Dream of Spring."
 The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle.
 A Harley-Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- aren't accurate.
 U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1%, alongside European markets.
 Investors are selling out of government bonds, with U.S. and Australian bonds feeling the biggest impact.
 He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China.
 But it only came forward after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency alerted the world to the issue.
 China's insatiable appetite for fried chicken used to be a big reason why investors loved KFC-parent Yum Brands.
 With help from the American Civil Liberties Union, they eventually challenged the state, in a case that eventually went to the U.S. Supreme Court.
 As the movie makes clear, the Lovings -- and Richard in particular -- were reluctant participants in history.
 "Loving" opens with Richard and Mildred already a couple, eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see, if only in brief.
 Celebrities, fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like "Stranger Things" characters this holiday.
 I hadn't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone started lighting up.
 As one of Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) top guys, he's afforded certain freedoms.
 "Norman is one of my good buddies, so it totally sucked to see him in that emotional state."
 New episodes are followed by after show, "The Talking Dead."
 "In the cities where we've launched or are under construction, our work will continue," Barratt said.
 The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit.
 For now, analysts are hesitant to write off the service for dead.
 In the Netherlands, authorities have taken a lower-tech approach to tracking drones.
 Microsoft announced on Wednesday a new workplace chat tool poised to take on industry darling Slack.
 There's also an option to send emoji, GIFs, custom memes and stickers via the platform, and connect your Twitter feed.
 The move highlighted the company's desire for users to start thinking of its products as more than just productivity tools.
 But its latest effort into the workplace chat game is a part of a larger trend from tech companies.
 Isner, who produced some of his best tennis as he leveled at one set all and forced a decider, also paid his tribute.
 "I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that's an incredible achievement," the American said.
 "Pair prank their way into North Korean golf tournament," read Brisbane's Nine News.
 Two Australians, who by their own admission are terrible golfers, bluffed their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea.
 Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home.
 He kept on turning up at my barn and I joked to the guy that clearly he didn't want to be sold.
 "Snowman didn't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him," he adds.
 I was just a boy with muddy shoes.
 There is no parade and there never has been.
 It's an event Mexico hopes will eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil.
 Alejandra González Anaya, one of the parade's creative directors, explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show.
 "There are 1200 volunteers working for the parade alone," González Anaya says.
 So it's wonderful to be able to rescue that and bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans.
 By completing this maglev line, I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan.
 An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day.
 The Yas Marina Circuit website has exact timings.
 For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory, November's a great time to go.
 It's also fuelled the emergence of modern high-rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon, Bangkok's tallest building.
 Not all transformations in the region have been successful.
 Buried 100 meters (328 feet) underground, the Pyongyang Metro is one of the deepest commuter systems in the world.
 She spoke to CNN Style about the experience.
 In Pyongyang I did see some people on their smartphones, but far fewer.
 "But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and, to some extent, blur the boundaries."
 When people die of old age in India, it is supposed to be a celebration.
 Designed by Juan Carlos Salas, the award-winning building has a sculptural appearance and every detail carries meaning.
 "Architecture won't help deceased people, but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living," he says.
 The charter allowed for the creation of a merchants' guild, run by the town's burgesses to tax people passing through the borough.
 It is exceptionally rich in minerals, containing large deposits of gold, diamonds, and ores of manganese, lead, zinc, nickel, cobalt and molybdenum.
 Outside the extreme northwest, the taiga is dominant, covering a significant fraction of the entirety of Siberia.
 The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk.
 Examples are the Line Islands in the Pacific and the Maldives in the Indian Ocean.
 Granite islands include Seychelles and Tioman and volcanic islands such as Saint Helena.
 An example of a desert island would be the small islands off the coast of Baja California, Mexico.
 The Greek city-state of Athens in the 5th century BC, which was dependent on grain imports from Scythia, maintained critical alliances with cities which controlled the straits, such as the Megarian colony Byzantium.
 Darius's highly regarded commander Megabazus was responsible to fulfill the conquers in the Balkans.
 The Achaemenid troops conquered Thrace, the coastal Greek cities, and the Paeonians.
 Eventually, in about 512-511 BC, the Macedonian king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia.
 The multi-ethnic Achaemenid army possessed many soldiers from the Balkans.
 Moreover, many of the Macedonian and Persian elite intermarried.
 In 1912 was founded the first film company (Athina Film) and in 1916 the Asty Film.
 In 2007 the most successful film was El Greco, directed by Yannis Smaragdis.
 In July 1918, the Franco-Monegasque Treaty was signed, providing for limited French protection over Monaco.
 The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government, who presides over a five-member Council of Government.
 Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats.
 Current land reclamation projects include extending the district of Fontvieille.
 However, there are important differences in law and procedure between Northern Ireland and England and Wales.
 The Bergeron classification is the most widely accepted form of air mass classification.
 While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s, climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973.
 A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing wind which lasts for several months, ushering in a region's rainy season.
 A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD.
 At the end of the 8th century, the Moravian Principality came into being in present-day south-eastern Moravia, Záhorie in south-western Slovakia and parts of Lower Austria.
 In 833 AD, this became the state of Great Moravia with the conquest of the Principality of Nitra (present-day Slovakia).
